Subtitle edited by - Aorion - "Finding Dory (2016)" ^ (Run time 01:37:02)
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["editing", "edit", "edits"], "masked_text": "Subtitle ____ by - Aorion - \"Finding Dory \" ^", "target_word": "edited"}}
Hi. I'm Dory. I suffer from short-term remembory loss.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["suffered", "suffers", "suffering"], "masked_text": "Hi. I'm Dory. I ____ from short-term remembory loss.", "target_word": "suffer"}}
- Yes! - That's exactly what you say!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Yes! - That____ exactly what you say!", "target_word": "'s"}}
Okay, okay. We'll pretend to be the other kids now.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["pretends", "pretended", "pretending"], "masked_text": "Okay, okay. We'll ____ to be the other kids now.", "target_word": "pretend"}}
- Hi, Dory! - Ahoy there!
[METADATA]
Do you want to play hide-and-seek?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "Do you ____ to play hide-and-seek?", "target_word": "want"}}
Okay. I love... okay.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["loves", "loveed", "loveing"], "masked_text": "Okay. I ____... okay.", "target_word": "love"}}
We'll hide and you count and come find us.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hideing", "hideed", "hides"], "masked_text": "We'll ____ and you count and come find us.", "target_word": "hide"}}
Okay, Daddy.
No, not Daddy. I'm the nice fish who wants to be your friend, okay?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["want", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "No, not Daddy. I'm the nice fish who ____ to be your friend, okay?", "target_word": "wants"}}
- Okay, Daddy. - No.
[METADATA]
- I'm hiding. - Now count to ten.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hide", "hideing", "hideed"], "masked_text": "- I'm ____. - Now count to ten.", "target_word": "hiding"}}
One, two, three...
[METADATA]
Four...
I like sand. Sand is squishy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["likeed", "likeing", "likes"], "masked_text": "I ____ sand. Sand is squishy.", "target_word": "like"}}
Mommy, can I go play with them?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["played", "playing", "plays"], "masked_text": "Mommy, can I go ____ with them?", "target_word": "play"}}
- Dory. Dory. Dory, honey. - Dory. Kelpcake.
[METADATA]
Undertow, sweetie.
Remember, honey, we have to stay away from the undertow.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "____, honey, we have to stay away from the undertow.", "target_word": "Remember"}}
Okay, sweetheart, what about that rhyme we learned?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["learn", "learning", "learns"], "masked_text": "Okay, sweetheart, what about that rhyme we ____?", "target_word": "learned"}}
We see the undertow and we say...
[METADATA]
Let's go.
No. No.  It's, "heck no." Okay? Let's try it again.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["trys", "trying", "tryed"], "masked_text": "No. No. It's, \"heck no.\" Okay? Let's ____ it again.", "target_word": "try"}}
We see the undertow and we say...
[METADATA]
There's the undertow!
There's the undertow. There is the undertow.
[METADATA]
Hey, you found the undertow. And we see the undertow.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "Hey, you ____ the undertow. And we see the undertow.", "target_word": "found"}}
- Did I forget again? - No, no. No.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forgeting", "forgets"], "masked_text": "- Did I ____ again? - No, no. No.", "target_word": "forget"}}
- No, sweetie. Don't worry about it. - No biggie, kelpcake.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["worrys", "worryed", "worrying"], "masked_text": "- No, sweetie. Don't ____ about it. - No biggie, kelpcake.", "target_word": "worry"}}
What if I forget you? Would you ever forget me?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forgeting", "forgets"], "masked_text": "What if I ____ you? Would you ever forget me?", "target_word": "forget"}}
Oh, kelpcake, no.
[METADATA]
We will never forget you, Dory. And we know you'll never forget us.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forgeting", "forgets"], "masked_text": "We will never ____ you, Dory. And we know you'll never forget us.", "target_word": "forget"}}
FINDING DORY
Cảm ơn. Chào. Tôi muốn tới Khách sạn Adelphi. Đây là taxi của tôi chứ.
Hello?
Tôi gọi trước! Ôi trời.
Hello!
- Did you hear that? - What's that? Hear what?
Đi sang đường luôn nào.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hears", "hearing", "heared"], "masked_text": "- Did you ____ that? - What's that? Hear what?", "target_word": "hear"}}
- Stan, I just heard someone say hello. - I didn't hear anybody say hello.
Chỉ còn 1 đoạn nữa thôi. Đi nhanh thôi mà.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hears", "hear", "hearing"], "masked_text": "- Stan, I just ____ someone say hello. - I didn't hear anybody say hello.", "target_word": "heard"}}
I don't know, Stan. I just heard someone say hello.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "I don't ____, Stan. I just heard someone say hello.", "target_word": "know"}}
There's a lot of fish here. Anybody could have just said hello.
Trời ơi, Harold, chúng ta không thể gọi được taxi sao?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["say", "says", "sayed"], "masked_text": "There's a lot of fish here. Anybody could have just ____ hello.", "target_word": "said"}}
- Hello? - There.
Anh cũng đang cố gọi 1 cái... Taxi!
[METADATA]
- Where? - There. There. Right there.
- Where am I looking? - There!
Chúng ta đi sai đường rồi!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["look", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "- Where am I ____? - There!", "target_word": "looking"}}
- Oh. - Hello!
[METADATA]
- Hello? - Oh my goodness, it's a child!
Bỏ cái đó đi. Chúng ta trông cứ như khách du lịch ấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Hello? - Oh my goodness, it____ a child!", "target_word": "'s"}}
- Hi, kid. Over here. Hello? - Hello? Hi.
Sang đường số 7 thôi.
[METADATA]
Hi. I'm Dory. Can you please help me?
- Đường số 7 ở bên kia mà. - Bố biết nó ở đâu!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["helped", "helping", "helps"], "masked_text": "Hi. I'm Dory. Can you please ____ me?", "target_word": "help"}}
Hi, Dory. Are you lost?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lose", "loseed", "loseing"], "masked_text": "Hi, Dory. Are you ____?", "target_word": "lost"}}
Yeah, where are your parents?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Yeah, where ____ your parents?", "target_word": "are"}}
I can't remember.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "I can't ____.", "target_word": "remember"}}
Well we'll look around. Are any of these fish your parents?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "Well we'll ____ around. Are any of these fish your parents?", "target_word": "look"}}
Hi, I'm Dory. Can you please help me?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["helped", "helping", "helps"], "masked_text": "Hi, I'm Dory. Can you please ____ me?", "target_word": "help"}}
- What? - Um.
Này, cho tôi 1 đô đi.
[METADATA]
Honey, you just said that.
Sao nào? 1 đô thôi mà.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["say", "says", "sayed"], "masked_text": "Honey, you just ____ that.", "target_word": "said"}}
- I did? - Mm-hmm.
Điếc à? Hay không biết tiếng Anh? Đi nào! Đằng kia.
[METADATA]
I'm sorry. I suffer from short-term remembory loss.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["suffered", "suffers", "suffering"], "masked_text": "I'm sorry. I ____ from short-term remembory loss.", "target_word": "suffer"}}
- Oh, how awful. - Short-term memory loss?
Nào, quý bà... ...hãy nghĩ đến thằng bé. Đừng có la hét.
[METADATA]
Okay, you wait here for one second. Okay, sweetie pie?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "Okay, you ____ here for one second. Okay, sweetie pie?", "target_word": "wait"}}
- Stan. Stan. Stan. - What? What?
[METADATA]
What do we do? The poor thing is lost!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lose", "loseed", "loseing"], "masked_text": "What do we do? The poor thing is ____!", "target_word": "lost"}}
- I don't know. I mean. What do you want me to do? - We have to do something.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "- I don't ____. I mean. What do you want me to do? - We have to do something.", "target_word": "know"}}
- She can't remember a thing! - She could come from anywhere.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "- She can't ____ a thing! - She could come from anywhere.", "target_word": "remember"}}
Wow, you are no help today. Dory? Sweetie? How about we...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Wow, you ____ no help today. Dory? Sweetie? How about we...", "target_word": "are"}}
She's gone. Well, that's not good. Hey, Dory!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "She's ____. Well, that's not good. Hey, Dory!", "target_word": "gone"}}
- Dory! - Dory!
Nào ,xem nào!
[METADATA]
I'm Dory. I lost my family. Can you help me?
Thẻ American Express. "Đừng rời nhà mà không có nó."
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lose", "loseed", "loseing"], "masked_text": "I'm Dory. I ____ my family. Can you help me?", "target_word": "lost"}}
I'm Dory. I suffer from short-term memory...
Đi chỗ khác chơi đi mày. Tao không thích chỗ này.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["suffered", "suffers", "suffering"], "masked_text": "I'm Dory. I ____ from short-term memory...", "target_word": "suffer"}}
Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming.
Mày sợ độ cao à? Tao không biết. Sau chuyện xảy ra với Johnny Gobs...
[METADATA]
Just keep swimming. Swimming. What do we do?
Nào, Johnny Gobs bị gãy xương vì rơi từ trên mái nhà xuống. Thường thôi. Đó không phải chuyện tao được nghe.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "doing", "doed"], "masked_text": "Just keep swimming. Swimming. What ____ we do?", "target_word": "do"}}
Hi. I lost my family. Can you help me?
Tao nghe nói con Dơi tấn công nó. Con dơi? Mày đùa đấy à?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lose", "loseed", "loseing"], "masked_text": "Hi. I ____ my family. Can you help me?", "target_word": "lost"}}
Where did you see them last?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "do", "doing"], "masked_text": "Where ____ you see them last?", "target_word": "did"}}
Well, funny story, but I forgot.
5 câu chuyện khác nhau đều kể thế. Thậm chí còn không có máu trên thân thể.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forget", "forgeting"], "masked_text": "Well, funny story, but I ____.", "target_word": "forgot"}}
Oh, sweetie, do you want to come swim with us?
Vớ vẩn. Máu đầy vỉa hè đó thôi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "Oh, sweetie, do you ____ to come swim with us?", "target_word": "want"}}
That is the nicest offer I've gotten all day. I think. I can't remember.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "That is the nicest offer I've ____ all day. I think. I can't remember.", "target_word": "gotten"}}
Anyhoo, thanks, but I'm looking for someone.
- Tao đi đây. - Im đi. Nghe tao này. Không có con dơi nào cả.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["look", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "Anyhoo, thanks, but I'm ____ for someone.", "target_word": "looking"}}
Oh. Can't remember. Can't remember. Can't remember.
Mà mày cũng không nên chĩa súng vào thằng bé như thế.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "Oh. Can't ____. Can't remember. Can't remember.", "target_word": "remember"}}
Hi! I'm Dory. Was it something I said?
Mày muốn chia tiền hay không nào? Giờ thì im đi! Im đi!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["say", "says", "sayed"], "masked_text": "Hi! I'm Dory. Was it something I ____?", "target_word": "said"}}
Kidding. Okay, you're not coming back.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["kided", "kids", "kid"], "masked_text": "____. Okay, you're not coming back.", "target_word": "Kidding"}}
I was looking for something and I... Okay, get it. Date night. Have fun.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["look", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "I was ____ for something and I... Okay, get it. Date night. Have fun.", "target_word": "looking"}}
Well, I hope you find whatever it is you're looking for.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hopes", "hopeing", "hopeed"], "masked_text": "Well, I ____ you find whatever it is you're looking for.", "target_word": "hope"}}
You and me both. Any idea what that was?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "You and me both. Any idea what that ____?", "target_word": "was"}}
I'm sorry.
Okay. Guess we'll hang out another time. Don't be a stranger, stranger.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["guessed", "guessing", "guesss"], "masked_text": "Okay. ____ we'll hang out another time. Don't be a stranger, stranger.", "target_word": "Guess"}}
Huh?
A white boat! They took my son! My son! Help me! Please!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["takeing", "takes", "takeed"], "masked_text": "A white boat! They ____ my son! My son! Help me! Please!", "target_word": "took"}}
Watch out!
Oh! Oh, sorry! Are you okay?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Oh! Oh, sorry! ____ you okay?", "target_word": "Are"}}
- He's gone. He's gone. - There, there.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "- He's ____. He's gone. - There, there.", "target_word": "gone"}}
- No, he's gone. - It's all right.
Đừng giết tôi!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "- No, he's ____. - It's all right.", "target_word": "gone"}}
- He's gone. - It'll be okay.
Đừng giết tôi!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "- He's ____. - It'll be okay.", "target_word": "gone"}}
No, no, they took him away. I have to find the boat.
Đừng giết tôi! Đừng giết tôi!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 7, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["takeing", "takes", "takeed"], "masked_text": "No, no, they ____ him away. I have to find the boat.", "target_word": "took"}}
A boat? Hey, I've seen a boat!
Tao sẽ không giết mày. Tao muốn mày làm giúp tao 1 chuyện.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["seeed", "sees", "seeing"], "masked_text": "A boat? Hey, I've ____ a boat!", "target_word": "seen"}}
- You have? - Uh-huh. It went this way! Follow me!
Kể cho tất cả lũ bạn của mày nghe về tao.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "- You have? - Uh-huh. It ____ this way! Follow me!", "target_word": "went"}}
Thank you! Thank you. Thank you so much!
Ông là ai? Tao là Người dơi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thanked", "thanks", "thanking"], "masked_text": "____ you! Thank you. Thank you so much!", "target_word": "Thank"}}
One year later
[METADATA]
Klaus. Klaus, the piñata's drooping.
Hand me the ratchet wrench. I can fix it. Ow!
Đất nước này ai cũng biết... ...từ "thành phố Gotham" đồng nghĩa với tội phạm.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["handing", "hands", "handed"], "masked_text": "____ me the ratchet wrench. I can fix it. Ow!", "target_word": "Hand"}}
Hey, Marlin?
Đường phố tràn ngập bọn trộm cướp, các văn phòng chính phủ thật vô dụng. Là thị trưởng, tôi sẽ điều tra tiêu diệt đến tận gốc rễ sự tha hóa, thối nát này...
Oh. Hey, guys, I was just... Ow.
...ông trùm Carl Grissom.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Oh. Hey, guys, I ____ just... Ow.", "target_word": "was"}}
Dory! It's not time to get up yet. You have to go back to bed.
Giờ, Công tố viên mới của chúng ta, Harvey Dent...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Dory! It____ not time to get up yet. You have to go back to bed.", "target_word": "'s"}}
And remember, the anemone stings.
...sẽ tiếp tục thực hiện lời hứa đó.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "And ____, the anemone stings.", "target_word": "remember"}}
Oh right. Yeah. Sorry. Back to bed, back to bed.
[METADATA]
Hey, Marlin? Ow!
Cảm ơn, thị trưởng Borg. Cảm ơn.
[METADATA]
Back to bed! That was it. Very simple. Bed. Back to it.
Người dân thành phố Gotham...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Back to bed! That ____ it. Very simple. Bed. Back to it.", "target_word": "was"}}
Hey, Marlin?
...Tôi là 1 người ít nói.
And we're up. That's it. Ready to start the day.
Nhưng từng từ đều sẽ được thực hiện, cả hành động của tôi cũng vậy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["started", "starts", "starting"], "masked_text": "And we're up. That's it. Ready to ____ the day.", "target_word": "start"}}
- And we were looking for something. - Nemo.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["look", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "- And we were ____ for something. - Nemo.", "target_word": "looking"}}
Right. I remember it like it was yesterday.
Ủy viên Gordon báo cho tôi rằng ông đã xác định được 1 vài phi vụ...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "Right. I ____ it like it was yesterday.", "target_word": "remember"}}
Of course, I don't really remember yesterday all that well.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "Of course, I don't really ____ yesterday all that well.", "target_word": "remember"}}
Anyway, I would say the scariest moment of the trip was the 4 sharks.
... đáng nghi ngờ có liên quan đến tập đoàn tội phạm của thành phố.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["woulded", "woulding", "woulds"], "masked_text": "Anyway, I ____ say the scariest moment of the trip was the 4 sharks.", "target_word": "would"}}
Wait, I thought there were 3 sharks.
Trước khi hết tuần này...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "____, I thought there were 3 sharks.", "target_word": "Wait"}}
No. No, there were definitely four.
... chúng tôi sẽ gõ cửa từng nhà bọn chúng...
[METADATA]
But last time you told it, there were three.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["tells", "telling", "telled"], "masked_text": "But last time you ____ it, there were three.", "target_word": "told"}}
Son, which one of us traveled across the entire ocean?
... và ánh sáng luật pháp sẽ được chiếu rọi trong tổ của bọn rắn độc đó.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["traveling", "travel", "travels"], "masked_text": "Son, which one of us ____ across the entire ocean?", "target_word": "traveled"}}
Nemo did. Obviously we had to cross the ocean...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["crossing", "crosss", "crossed"], "masked_text": "Nemo did. Obviously we had to ____ the ocean...", "target_word": "cross"}}
To find him, so you know... he went first.
Cùng nhau, chúng ta có thể làm cho thành phố an toàn với những người dân vô tội.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 7, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "To ____ him, so you know... he went first.", "target_word": "find"}}
I guess that's true. Isn't it?
Người dân vô tội không nên sống ở đây.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["guessed", "guessing", "guesss"], "masked_text": "I ____ that's true. Isn't it?", "target_word": "guess"}}
Well, you made it! You almost missed the field trip.
Họ sẽ hạnh phúc ở nơi nào đó khác cơ.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["miss", "missing", "misss"], "masked_text": "Well, you made it! You almost ____ the field trip.", "target_word": "missed"}}
A field trip? Ooh, I love field trips. Where are we going?
Mạnh mồm nói về Carl nhỉ.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["loves", "loveed", "loveing"], "masked_text": "A field trip? Ooh, I ____ field trips. Where are we going?", "target_word": "love"}}
- I thought you told her. - I did tell her!
Quên đi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "- I ____ you told her. - I did tell her!", "target_word": "thought"}}
- Dory. - Yeah.
[METADATA]
Mr. Ray has too many fish to keep an eye on today.
Nếu thằng hề này mà chạm được vào Grissom, giờ chắc anh phải đưa cho hắn phổi của lão luôn rồi.
[METADATA]
So it would be best if today you weren't exactly with the class.
Nếu Grimmson biết chuyện chúng ta... ...lão chắc sẽ cho anh thứ gì đó đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["woulded", "woulding", "woulds"], "masked_text": "So it ____ be best if today you weren't exactly with the class.", "target_word": "would"}}
Oh. Why not?
Đừng đề cao hắn thế, em yêu.
[METADATA]
Well, you know, you have problems remembering things sometimes.
Lão chỉ là 1 lão già mệt mỏi. Lão không thể quản lí thành phố này nếu không có anh.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Well, you ____, you have problems remembering things sometimes.", "target_word": "know"}}
That's the one thing I can remember. Yes.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "That's the one thing I can ____. Yes.", "target_word": "remember"}}
Okay. And sometimes it's not your fault, but it can cause you to wander.
Và thêm vào đó...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["causes", "causeed", "causeing"], "masked_text": "Okay. And sometimes it's not your fault, but it can ____ you to wander.", "target_word": "cause"}}
And Mr. Ray doesn't really have time to worry about fish who wander. - Sure.
...lão không biết được đâu.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["worrys", "worryed", "worrying"], "masked_text": "And Mr. Ray doesn't really have time to ____ about fish who wander. - Sure.", "target_word": "worry"}}
In other words, he doesn't have enough help.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "do", "doing"], "masked_text": "In other words, he ____n't have enough help.", "target_word": "does"}}
Poor guy. You know, he's so overworked.
Anh chẳng lo lắng về điều gì bao giờ phải không, Jack?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Poor guy. You ____, he's so overworked.", "target_word": "know"}}
- You understand. - I totally understand now.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["understands", "understanding", "understanded"], "masked_text": "- You ____. - I totally understand now.", "target_word": "understand"}}
- Okay. - Mm-hmm.
[METADATA]
Good.
He wants me to be the teacher's assistant.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["want", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "He ____ me to be the teacher's assistant.", "target_word": "wants"}}
No, not exactly.
[METADATA]
I am so honored. I have never been a teaching assistant before.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "I ____ so honored. I have never been a teaching assistant before.", "target_word": "am"}}
Mr. Ray! You got help.
Anh trông ổn mà.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "Mr. Ray! You ____ help.", "target_word": "got"}}
Oh. Okeydokey.
Anh không hỏi.
- All right, kids. - All right, kids.
[METADATA]
- Today's the day! - Today's the day!
Our field trip to the stingray migration.
[METADATA]
Stingray migration.
Ừ. Chờ đấy.
Now, does anyone know why we migrate?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Now, does anyone ____ why we migrate?", "target_word": "know"}}
Come on. You got to know this stuff.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "____ on. You got to know this stuff.", "target_word": "Come"}}
Migration is about going back to...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "Migration is about ____ back to...", "target_word": "going"}}
- Bed! - Yes!
[METADATA]
- No. - No.
Để tôi đoán nhé.
[METADATA]
- The sand! - No! Migration is about going home.
Khổng lồ, siêu nhiên, nguy hiểm. Giống 1 con dơi khổng lồ.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "- The sand! - No! Migration is about ____ home.", "target_word": "going"}}
- Home. - Which is where you're from.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Home. - Which ____ where you're from.", "target_word": "is"}}
Where you're from.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Where you____ from.", "target_word": "'re"}}
Can someone tell me where they're from?
Chuẩn rồi. Họ đang tìm gì trên đó thế?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["tells", "telling", "telled"], "masked_text": "Can someone ____ me where they're from?", "target_word": "tell"}}
- I live by a giant rock. - I live 3 coral caves away from here.
Chúng uống Drano quá nhiều.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["liveing", "liveed", "lives"], "masked_text": "- I ____ by a giant rock. - I live 3 coral caves away from here.", "target_word": "live"}}
My house is covered in algae.
Quái thật. Cảm ơn về lời khuyên.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["covers", "cover", "covering"], "masked_text": "My house is ____ in algae.", "target_word": "covered"}}
Where'd you grow up, Dory?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["growed", "grows", "growing"], "masked_text": "Where'd you ____ up, Dory?", "target_word": "grow"}}
Me? I don't know.
Trời ơi. Knox.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Me? I don't ____.", "target_word": "know"}}
My family. Where are they?
Trung úy, tôi nghe nói chúng ta lại có 1 vụ dơi tấn công nữa. Lần thứ 8 trong tháng rồi đấy. Tôi nghe nói ngài Ủy viên đã phải mở 1 hồ sơ vụ này.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "My family. Where ____ they?", "target_word": "are"}}
Can I help you?
Xin lỗi, Knox. 2 thằng cha này trượt vỏ chuối nên ngã ấy mà.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["helped", "helping", "helps"], "masked_text": "Can I ____ you?", "target_word": "help"}}
I'm sorry. Did I forget again? You see, I suffer from...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forgeting", "forgets"], "masked_text": "I'm sorry. Did I ____ again? You see, I suffer from...", "target_word": "forget"}}
Short-term memory loss.
Để tôi nói cho mà nghe, 1 con dơi khổng lồ!
[METADATA]
How can you remember your family if you have short-term memory loss?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "How can you ____ your family if you have short-term memory loss?", "target_word": "remember"}}
Good question. See, I can remember some things because well...
Đừng viết về chuyện này. Nó sẽ hủy hoại danh tiếng vốn đã chẳng có gì của anh.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "Good question. See, I can ____ some things because well...", "target_word": "remember"}}
They make sense. Like I have a family.
[METADATA]
I know because I've... I must have come from somewhere. Right?
Trung úy, những kẻ xấu trong thành phố này đang sợ hãi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "I ____ because I've... I must have come from somewhere. Right?", "target_word": "know"}}
Everyone has a family.
[METADATA]
I may not remember their names and what they look like.
Họ nói hắn không thể chết.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "I may not ____ their names and what they look like.", "target_word": "remember"}}
And I may not even be able to ever find them again, but...
Họ nói hắn uống máu.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "And I may not even be able to ever ____ them again, but...", "target_word": "find"}}
- What were we talking about? - Mommies and daddies.
Tôi nói anh toàn nghe chuyện vớ vẩn, Knox.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["talk", "talks", "talked"], "masked_text": "- What were we ____ about? - Mommies and daddies.", "target_word": "talking"}}
Mommies and daddies. Right.
[METADATA]
Why are we talking about mommies and daddies? Oh. Oh!
Anh có thể trích dẫn câu đó trong bài.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["talk", "talks", "talked"], "masked_text": "Why are we ____ about mommies and daddies? Oh. Oh!", "target_word": "talking"}}
That class. Uh-oh. Why me? Okay.
Có 1 con dơi cao 2m ở thành phố Gotham?
[METADATA]
You guys seem a little young, but okay.
Hắn có ăn lương cảnh sát không?
[METADATA]
You see, kids, when two fish love each other...
Hắn muốn thay đổi điều gì, chính sách thuế chăng?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["loves", "loveed", "loveing"], "masked_text": "You see, kids, when two fish ____ each other...", "target_word": "love"}}
And we'll stop right there.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stoping", "stoped", "stops"], "masked_text": "And we'll ____ right there.", "target_word": "stop"}}
Climb aboard, explorers. I feel a migration song coming on.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["climbing", "climbs", "climbed"], "masked_text": "____ aboard, explorers. I feel a migration song coming on.", "target_word": "Climb"}}
Oh...
Migration, migration let's learn about migration
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leted", "lets", "leting"], "masked_text": "Migration, migration ____'s learn about migration", "target_word": "let"}}
it's nature's inspiration to move around the sea
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "it____ nature's inspiration to move around the sea", "target_word": "'s"}}
here's a scientific promise that a fish who's oceanodromous
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "here____ a scientific promise that a fish who's oceanodromous", "target_word": "'s"}}
where did everyone go? I'm by myself oh there they are. I'm back
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "do", "doing"], "masked_text": "where ____ everyone go? I'm by myself oh there they are. I'm back", "target_word": "did"}}
plus or minus 4 degrees based on solar positioning
Mang cho anh bữa ăn nhẹ đây, Eckhardt.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["baseing", "base", "bases"], "masked_text": "plus or minus 4 degrees ____ on solar positioning", "target_word": "based"}}
oh, kids stay away from the edge.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stays", "stayed", "staying"], "masked_text": "oh, kids ____ away from the edge.", "target_word": "stay"}}
Okay, you hear that? Okay, everybody stay back from the edge. Come on.
- Sao không mang quay phim tới luôn đi? - Im đi và nghe đây.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hears", "hearing", "heared"], "masked_text": "Okay, you ____ that? Okay, everybody stay back from the edge. Come on.", "target_word": "hear"}}
- Okay, that's too far. - That's too far.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Okay, that____ too far. - That's too far.", "target_word": "'s"}}
Come on. Come on. Get back over here. Back this way.
Harvey Dent đã đánh hơi thấy 1 trong những công ty đầu đàn của chúng ta.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "____ on. Come on. Get back over here. Back this way.", "target_word": "Come"}}
- Now, I need everyone to listen to me. - All right, listen up!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["needs", "needing", "needed"], "masked_text": "- Now, I ____ everyone to listen to me. - All right, listen up!", "target_word": "need"}}
- When the rays pass through here... - The rays, gonna pass through.
Đó là việc của tôi. Nếu có vấn đề, Tôi sẽ giải quyết.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["passing", "passed", "passs"], "masked_text": "- When the rays ____ through here... - The rays, gonna pass through.", "target_word": "pass"}}
What do we have to be careful of?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "doing", "doed"], "masked_text": "What ____ we have to be careful of?", "target_word": "do"}}
Everybody has to be careful of what? Hmm?
Vấn đề của anh cũng là vấn đề của chúng tôi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["bes", "beed", "being"], "masked_text": "Everybody has to ____ careful of what? Hmm?", "target_word": "be"}}
- The undertow! - That's right.
Tôi làm cho Grissom, không phải bọn tâm thần.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- The undertow! - That____ right.", "target_word": "'s"}}
That's right. The under... The undertow?
Anh nên nghĩ đến tương lai.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "That____ right. The under... The undertow?", "target_word": "'s"}}
Because the current created by all the flapping is very strong.
Ý mày là khi mày nắm quyền? Mày không có tương lai đâu.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["createing", "create", "createed"], "masked_text": "Because the current ____ by all the flapping is very strong.", "target_word": "created"}}
And if you're not careful, you can get pulled into...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["pulling", "pulls", "pull"], "masked_text": "And if you're not careful, you can get ____ into...", "target_word": "pulled"}}
Mr. Ray! So how do the stingrays all know where to go?
Mày là 1 thằng điên hạng nhất, và Grimmson biết điều đó.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Mr. Ray! So how do the stingrays all ____ where to go?", "target_word": "know"}}
That's what an instinct is, Nemo.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "That____ what an instinct is, Nemo.", "target_word": "'s"}}
Something deep inside you that feels so familiar that you have to listen to it.
Mày chắc không , Eckhardt,.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["feeling", "feel", "feeled"], "masked_text": "Something deep inside you that ____ so familiar that you have to listen to it.", "target_word": "feels"}}
Like a song you've always known. And I can hear mine now!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "know"], "masked_text": "Like a song you've always ____. And I can hear mine now!", "target_word": "known"}}
To and fro, our hearts know where to go
Thấy chưa?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "To and fro, our hearts ____ where to go", "target_word": "know"}}
beating like a drum, it sends us back to where we're from
Anh có thể ra quyết định tốt nếu anh thử.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["beated", "beat", "beats"], "masked_text": "____ like a drum, it sends us back to where we're from", "target_word": "beating"}}
oh... we're going home
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "oh... we're ____ home", "target_word": "going"}}
we know who we are, and it's time to travel far
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "we ____ who we are, and it's time to travel far", "target_word": "know"}}
for days and nights we'll roam, to make our way back home
Anh định đi đâu tối nay?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["roamed", "roaming", "roams"], "masked_text": "for days and nights we'll ____, to make our way back home", "target_word": "roam"}}
oh... we're going home
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "oh... we're ____ home", "target_word": "going"}}
swimming to and fro, our hearts know where to go
Tôi không quan tâm nếu tổ chức lễ hội này gây nợ nần, tôi muốn 1 cuộc diễu hành.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["swimed", "swim", "swims"], "masked_text": "____ to and fro, our hearts know where to go", "target_word": "swimming"}}
beating like a drum, it sends us back to where we're from
Tôi muốn có bánh mỳ kẹp xúc xích, bóng bay, mọi thứ.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["beated", "beat", "beats"], "masked_text": "____ like a drum, it sends us back to where we're from", "target_word": "beating"}}
we see the undertow and we say...
Chúng ta sẽ tổ chức lễ kỷ niệm 200 năm thành phố 1 cách hoành tráng.
[METADATA]
Dory!
Chúng ta có thể tổ chức trên tòa vì vỡ nợ. Đã nợ 250,000 đô mà chúng ta chưa nhìn thấy 1 quả bóng bay nào.
Dory! Dory!
Anh làm cho đường phố tràn ngập người, các công việc kinh doanh sẽ trở lại.
- Is she dead? - No, she's not dead.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- ____ she dead? - No, she's not dead.", "target_word": "Is"}}
- Aw. Oh man. - Give her some space, everybody.
Nhiều người sẽ tránh xa đấy. Họ đang sợ.
[METADATA]
The Jewel of Morro Bay, California.
Họ sẽ không sợ nếu anh đưa được Grissom đến tòa án.
[METADATA]
The Jewel of Morro Bay, California?
Tôi đã hứa điều đó, nhớ không?
[METADATA]
I remembered something so I...
Chào bá tước Dracula.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remember"], "masked_text": "I ____ something so I...", "target_word": "remembered"}}
I remembered something!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remember"], "masked_text": "I ____ something!", "target_word": "remembered"}}
I actually remembered something! Something important.
Gần đây có gặp ngài Chân to không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remember"], "masked_text": "I actually ____ something! Something important.", "target_word": "remembered"}}
Something important? What? What was it?
- Họ đã chôn câu chuyện của anh về Người dơi rồi. - Cũng như họ chôn rác ấy mà.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Something important? What? What ____ it?", "target_word": "was"}}
I'm not sure anymore, but I can still feel it. It's right there.
Cái này có thể đoạt giải Pulitzer đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["feeling", "feels", "feeled"], "masked_text": "I'm not sure anymore, but I can still ____ it. It's right there.", "target_word": "feel"}}
All right, thank you, Mr. Ray.
Tôi có cái này cho anh đây.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thanked", "thanks", "thanking"], "masked_text": "All right, ____ you, Mr. Ray.", "target_word": "thank"}}
Okay, come on. Try to remember better. Don't be such a Dory, Dory.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "Okay, ____ on. Try to remember better. Don't be such a Dory, Dory.", "target_word": "come"}}
Hmm. I don't know. I... hold on. Hold on.
Vui đấy. Anh nên thêm ít máu trên cái răng nanh.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Hmm. I don't ____. I... hold on. Hold on.", "target_word": "know"}}
- Oh. Oh! - What? Did you remember?
Điên thật.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "- Oh. Oh! - What? Did you ____?", "target_word": "remember"}}
Ugh, I don't remember. It was something... it was...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "Ugh, I don't ____. It was something... it was...", "target_word": "remember"}}
Oh, oh, oh! It was something about the...
Xin chào, chân dài
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Oh, oh, oh! It ____ something about the...", "target_word": "was"}}
The Jewel of Morro Bay, California.
Tôi đang đọc mấy bài báo của anh. Ờ, tôi cũng đang đọc của cô đây.
[METADATA]
My family! I remember my family!
Chào, tôi là Vicki Vale.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "My family! I ____ my family!", "target_word": "remember"}}
They're out there somewhere. I have to find them.
Ồ, nhà nhiếp ảnh à. Chụp cho Vogue, Cosmo. Ngon.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "They're out there somewhere. I have to ____ them.", "target_word": "find"}}
Guys, you got to help me. Guys! Guys! Hello?
Nếu muốn tôi làm mẫu khỏa thân, cô cần 1 ống kính xịn đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "Guys, you ____ to help me. Guys! Guys! Hello?", "target_word": "got"}}
Guys! Where are you?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Guys! Where ____ you?", "target_word": "are"}}
- Dory! - Hello?
Thực ra tôi chụp ở Corto Maltese.
[METADATA]
- Dory! - Ah! Where did you go?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "do", "doing"], "masked_text": "- Dory! - Ah! Where ____ you go?", "target_word": "did"}}
- You were the one to go. - My parents. I remembered them.
Chụp mấy cái này dễ toi lắm đấy. Điều gì mang cô đến đây?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remember"], "masked_text": "- You were the one to go. - My parents. I ____ them.", "target_word": "remembered"}}
What? What did you remember?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "What? What did you ____?", "target_word": "remember"}}
I remembered them! My mom. My dad.
Tôi ở đây để xem cuộc sống hoang dã ở thành phố Gotham.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remember"], "masked_text": "I ____ them! My mom. My dad.", "target_word": "remembered"}}
I have a family. They don't know where I am. Let's go. We have to go.
Cuộc sống hoang dã? Ví dụ?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "I have a family. They don't ____ where I am. Let's go. We have to go.", "target_word": "know"}}
Dory, no. No! This is crazy! Where exactly are you trying to go?
Ví dụ như... dơi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["trys", "try", "tryed"], "masked_text": "Dory, no. No! This is crazy! Where exactly are you ____ to go?", "target_word": "trying"}}
To the Gem of the Baltic?
- Ai cử cô đến? - Không ai cả, thật đấy.
[METADATA]
- The Jewel of Morro Bay, California. - Yes!
Tôi thích câu chuyện của anh, và...
[METADATA]
No, Dory. California's all the way across the ocean.
Then we'd better get going.
...tôi thích dơi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "Then we'd better get ____.", "target_word": "going"}}
How come every time we're on the edge of this reef, one of us is trying...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "How ____ every time we're on the edge of this reef, one of us is trying...", "target_word": "come"}}
To leave? For once, can't we just enjoy the view?
Ảnh của tôi, bài viết của anh. Giải Pulitzer. Nghĩ đi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leaveed", "leaveing", "leaves"], "masked_text": "To ____? For once, can't we just enjoy the view?", "target_word": "leave"}}
How can you be talking about the view when I remembered my family?
Được rồi, cô là 1 người mơ mộng đấy, và cũng là người duy nhất tin tôi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["talk", "talks", "talked"], "masked_text": "How can you be ____ about the view when I remembered my family?", "target_word": "talking"}}
No! We've done our ocean travels. That part of our lives is over.
Tôi cần thứ gì chắc chắn.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["have", "haves", "haveed"], "masked_text": "No! We____ done our ocean travels. That part of our lives is over.", "target_word": "'ve"}}
The only reason to travel in the first place is so...
Gordon có 1 hồ sơ. Tôi thậm chí còn không gọi được cho ông ta.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["traveled", "traveling", "travels"], "masked_text": "The only reason to ____ in the first place is so...", "target_word": "travel"}}
- You don't have to travel ever again. - Yeah, but I want to...
Ông ta sẽ có mặt ở buổi gây quỹ từ thiện của Bruce Wayne, phải không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["traveled", "traveling", "travels"], "masked_text": "- You don't have to ____ ever again. - Yeah, but I want to...", "target_word": "travel"}}
- Dory, look... - Please.
Ừ. Nhưng có vẻ như tôi không có trong danh sách khách mời. Không.
[METADATA]
All I know is that I miss them.
Ờ, tuyệt. Vale, cô sẽ cưới tôi chứ?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "All I ____ is that I miss them.", "target_word": "know"}}
I really, really miss them. I didn't know what that felt like.
- Không. - Mua cho tôi bữa trưa? - Có thể. - Tôi ăn nhẹ thôi mà.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["missing", "misss", "missed"], "masked_text": "I really, really ____ them. I didn't know what that felt like.", "target_word": "miss"}}
Do you know what that feels like?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Do you ____ what that feels like?", "target_word": "know"}}
Yes, I know what that feels like.
Nói đi... ...thằng khốn... ...tìm ra liên hệ giữa chúng ta và công ty hóa chất Axis.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Yes, I ____ what that feels like.", "target_word": "know"}}
I don't want to forget this. Somewhere out there is my family.
Chúng ta có thể gặp nguy cơ gì? Nếu hắn buộc được chúng ta với Axis, coi như chúng ta chết .
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "I don't ____ to forget this. Somewhere out there is my family.", "target_word": "want"}}
Please, Marlin, I can't find them on my own.
Chúng ta nên hành động nhanh chóng. Tôi nghĩ chúng ta nên đột nhập vào đó...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "Please, Marlin, I can't ____ them on my own.", "target_word": "find"}}
I'll forget. Please help me find my family.
...đập phá văn phòng...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forgeting", "forgets"], "masked_text": "I'll ____. Please help me find my family.", "target_word": "forget"}}
Yeah, Dad, you can get us all the way across the ocean. Right?
...mang những tài liệu liên quan đi và nói đó là do bọn gián điệp công nghiệp.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "caning"], "masked_text": "Yeah, Dad, you ____ get us all the way across the ocean. Right?", "target_word": "can"}}
No.
Thông minh đấy. Đó là việc cần làm. Thực ra...
But I know a guy.
...tôi muốn cho cậu xử lý chuyện này 1 mình.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "But I ____ a guy.", "target_word": "know"}}
Whoo-hoo! Righteous, righteous, righteous!
Tôi? Em không phiền đợi ở phòng bên chứ?
[METADATA]
Totally sick. Totally sick.
I know. Isn't it great?
Xong rồi, các quý ông. Cảm ơn. Được rồi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "I ____. Isn't it great?", "target_word": "know"}}
No! I'm gonna be totally sick.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "No! I'm ____na be totally sick.", "target_word": "gon"}}
It's the California current, dude. It's got some gnarly chop.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "It's the California current, dude. It's ____ some gnarly chop.", "target_word": "got"}}
Surf's up, dude!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Surf____ up, dude!", "target_word": "'s"}}
Hey, dude, if you're gonna hurl, just do me a solid...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "Hey, dude, if you're ____na hurl, just do me a solid...", "target_word": "gon"}}
Head to the back of the shell, lean out, and go for distance.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leaned", "leans", "leaning"], "masked_text": "Head to the back of the shell, ____ out, and go for distance.", "target_word": "lean"}}
We call that "feeding the fishes."
Không ai khác có thể làm việc này sao?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["feeds", "feed", "feeded"], "masked_text": "We call that \"____ the fishes.\"", "target_word": "feeding"}}
Correctamundo, squirt!
And now we're looking for my parents at the Brooch of the Atlantic? Or the...
Khói ở chỗ đó.....
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["look", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "And now we're ____ for my parents at the Brooch of the Atlantic? Or the...", "target_word": "looking"}}
- The Jewel of Morro Bay, California. - Exactly!
[METADATA]
How are you gonna find your parents?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "How are you ____na find your parents?", "target_word": "gon"}}
Do you remember what they look like?
Đây là 1 chuyện quan trọng. Tôi cần 1 người...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "Do you ____ what they look like?", "target_word": "remember"}}
I'm a bit new to the memory thing, so I can't say for sure...
...mà tôi có thể tin tưởng.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "I____ a bit new to the memory thing, so I can't say for sure...", "target_word": "'m"}}
But something tells me they were mostly blue, with s... maybe yellow.
Cậu... là người số một.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["telling", "telled", "tell"], "masked_text": "But something ____ me they were mostly blue, with s... maybe yellow.", "target_word": "tells"}}
That sounds right.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["sounding", "sounded", "sound"], "masked_text": "That ____ right.", "target_word": "sounds"}}
Also I'm pretty sure I'm gonna know them when I see them. We're family.
Giờ...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "Also I'm pretty sure I'm ____na know them when I see them. We're family.", "target_word": "gon"}}
By the way crossing the ocean is the kind of thing you should...
...đừng quên...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["cross", "crosss", "crossed"], "masked_text": "By the way ____ the ocean is the kind of thing you should...", "target_word": "crossing"}}
only do once. One time!
[METADATA]
Morro bay, California's coming up, dudes.
...bộ bài may mắn của cậu.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "come"], "masked_text": "Morro bay, California's ____ up, dudes.", "target_word": "coming"}}
Whoo-hoo! Let's find my family.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "Whoo-hoo! Let's ____ my family.", "target_word": "find"}}
Go! Go! Go, go, go.
[METADATA]
- Just go, Dad. - Don't push me, Nemo.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["pushing", "pushed", "pushs"], "masked_text": "- Just go, Dad. - Don't ____ me, Nemo.", "target_word": "push"}}
So long, little blue! Hope you find your parents.
Bạn của tôi... ...vận may của mày sắp thay đổi rồi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 7, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hopes", "hopeing", "hopeed"], "masked_text": "So long, little blue! ____ you find your parents.", "target_word": "Hope"}}
And good luck "feeding the fishes."
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["feeds", "feed", "feeded"], "masked_text": "And good luck \"____ the fishes.\"", "target_word": "feeding"}}
Too late. Already fed.
Sở cảnh sát đây.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["feeds", "feed", "feeded"], "masked_text": "Too late. Already ____.", "target_word": "fed"}}
Oh.
Cho tôi gặp trung úy Eckhardt.
This feels familiar. Mom! Dad!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["feeling", "feel", "feeled"], "masked_text": "This ____ familiar. Mom! Dad!", "target_word": "feels"}}
No. Dory! Dory! Wait! Wait.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "No. Dory! Dory! ____! Wait.", "target_word": "Wait"}}
Mom! Dad!
Stop yelling for a second. Do you really think your parents...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stoping", "stoped", "stops"], "masked_text": "____ yelling for a second. Do you really think your parents...", "target_word": "Stop"}}
are just gonna be floating around here waiting for you?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 1, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "are just ____na be floating around here waiting for you?", "target_word": "gon"}}
Well, I don't know, but there's only one way to find out. Mom! Dad!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Well, I don't ____, but there's only one way to find out. Mom! Dad!", "target_word": "know"}}
- Yell louder, Dory. - Mom! Dad!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["yelling", "yelled", "yells"], "masked_text": "- ____ louder, Dory. - Mom! Dad!", "target_word": "Yell"}}
- Shh! - What was that?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Shh! - What ____ that?", "target_word": "was"}}
Wait. I've heard that before. I remember someone saying, "Shh."
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "____. I've heard that before. I remember someone saying, \"Shh.\"", "target_word": "Wait"}}
Yes, well done. That was me. One minute ago.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Yes, well done. That ____ me. One minute ago.", "target_word": "was"}}
- Shh! - Huh!
[METADATA]
Please. Have you seen my mommy and Daddy?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["seeed", "sees", "seeing"], "masked_text": "Please. Have you ____ my mommy and Daddy?", "target_word": "seen"}}
Their names are Jenny and Charlie.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Their names ____ Jenny and Charlie.", "target_word": "are"}}
Shh!
Jenny and Charlie.
Tôi có thể giúp gì cho ngài?
[METADATA]
What? Jenny and what?
Those are their names! My parents are Jenny and Charlie!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Those ____ their names! My parents are Jenny and Charlie!", "target_word": "are"}}
- Dory, wait! - Jenny!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "- Dory, ____! - Jenny!", "target_word": "wait"}}
Can't we just take a moment to come up with a plan?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "Can't we just take a moment to ____ up with a plan?", "target_word": "come"}}
- Jenny! Charlie! - Sh!
[METADATA]
- Are you crazy? - Sorry, she's a little excited.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- ____ you crazy? - Sorry, she's a little excited.", "target_word": "Are"}}
- Jenny! Charlie! - Dory, stop yelling for a second.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stoping", "stoped", "stops"], "masked_text": "- Jenny! Charlie! - Dory, ____ yelling for a second.", "target_word": "stop"}}
It's not a good idea to come into a new neighborhood...
- Chào buổi tối. - Hơi đông nhỉ.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "It's not a good idea to ____ into a new neighborhood...", "target_word": "come"}}
And call this much attention to yourself.
[METADATA]
You don't understand. I remembered my parent's names! Jenny! Charlie!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["understands", "understanding", "understanded"], "masked_text": "You don't ____. I remembered my parent's names! Jenny! Charlie!", "target_word": "understand"}}
These crabs are locals and I get the feeling they're shushing...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["shushs", "shush", "shushed"], "masked_text": "These crabs are locals and I get the feeling they're ____...", "target_word": "shushing"}}
Us for a reason. You might wake up something dangerous.
Anh có biết ai là Bruce Wayne không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wakeing", "wakes", "wakeed"], "masked_text": "Us for a reason. You might ____ up something dangerous.", "target_word": "wake"}}
Are you talking about like something with one big eye...
Tôi cũng không chắc lắm.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["talk", "talks", "talked"], "masked_text": "Are you ____ about like something with one big eye...", "target_word": "talking"}}
tentacles, and a snappy thing?
[METADATA]
Well, that's very specific, but something like that, yes.
Dù sao cũng cảm ơn.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Well, that____ very specific, but something like that, yes.", "target_word": "'s"}}
You just in general don't want to...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "You just in general don't ____ to...", "target_word": "want"}}
Oh my goodness. Okay.
[METADATA]
There's a mistake. We're backing away. Let us live and we will...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["back", "backed", "backs"], "masked_text": "There's a mistake. We're ____ away. Let us live and we will...", "target_word": "backing"}}
We'll worship you. We'll build a... Do you like a monument?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["worshiping", "worships", "worshiped"], "masked_text": "We'll ____ you. We'll build a... Do you like a monument?", "target_word": "worship"}}
Oh! Ooh! Whoa! Swim for your life!
8, tôi đặt 8. Tôi sẽ đổ được 8.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["swimed", "swims", "swiming"], "masked_text": "Oh! Ooh! Whoa! ____ for your life!", "target_word": "Swim"}}
- Nemo! - Nemo!
Ngài ủy viên! À bà Gordon, bà trông thật quyến rũ. Có thật là ngài ủy viên có hồ sơ về Người dơi không? Chả có con dơi nào cả. Nếu có thì chúng tôi sẽ tìm và bắt hắn.
[METADATA]
Dad!
Hãy thẳng thắn với tôi 1 chút, thưa ngài.
- Nemo! - Dad!
Sao anh nghĩ ra được chuyện đó? Ngài Dent, tôi rất thích cái cà vạt đó.
[METADATA]
No!
Chúng tôi đang thảo luận về người bảo vệ có cánh. Ý kiến của anh thế nào?
Nemo, hold on to me and don't let go!
Chúng ta có đủ vấn đề cho thành phố này rồi...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["holding", "holded", "holds"], "masked_text": "Nemo, ____ on to me and don't let go!", "target_word": "hold"}}
Dad!
...quan tâm đến những bóng ma làm gì.
No, no! No!
Xin lỗi, nhưng đó không hẳn là 1 lời phủ nhận.
[METADATA]
Dory! Dory, slow down! We're not being chased anymore.
Xin lỗi, tôi sẽ trở lại ngay. Không ai muốn được phỏng vấn sao?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["chase", "chaseing", "chases"], "masked_text": "Dory! Dory, slow down! We're not being ____ anymore.", "target_word": "chased"}}
Are you sure?
- Ngài có bộ đồ đẹp đấy. - Miễn bình luận.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "____ you sure?", "target_word": "Are"}}
Jenny and Charlie. Jenny and Charlie!
Sao thế? Tin nặc danh. Napier đang dọn dẹp công ty hóa chất Axis.
[METADATA]
I just remembered their names! We have to keep going. We're so close.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remember"], "masked_text": "I just ____ their names! We have to keep going. We're so close.", "target_word": "remembered"}}
- Huh? - Nemo, are you hurt?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hurted", "hurting", "hurts"], "masked_text": "- Huh? - Nemo, are you ____?", "target_word": "hurt"}}
Oh my goodness! Nemo! Are you okay? What happened?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["happening", "happens", "happen"], "masked_text": "Oh my goodness! Nemo! Are you okay? What ____?", "target_word": "happened"}}
- Not now, Dory. Please! - Oh no.
Sao tôi không biết? Ai làm vụ này?
[METADATA]
- Nemo. Oh no. Oh no. - I'm okay.
- Eckhardt. - Chúa ơi!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Nemo. Oh no. Oh no. - I____ okay.", "target_word": "'m"}}
Oh, Nemo. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm sorry.
Nào, đi thôi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Oh, Nemo. I____ sorry. Okay. I'm sorry.", "target_word": "'m"}}
Oh my goodness! Nemo, are you okay?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Oh my goodness! Nemo, ____ you okay?", "target_word": "are"}}
I said, "not now." You've done enough.
Ông Gordon?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["say", "says", "sayed"], "masked_text": "I ____, \"not now.\" You've done enough.", "target_word": "said"}}
I have? Oh no. But I can fix it. I can. I'll go get help.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["fixs", "fixed", "fixing"], "masked_text": "I have? Oh no. But I can ____ it. I can. I'll go get help.", "target_word": "fix"}}
You know what you can do, Dory? You can go wait over there.
Ông Gordon?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "You ____ what you can do, Dory? You can go wait over there.", "target_word": "know"}}
Go wait over there and forget. It's what you do best.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "Go ____ over there and forget. It's what you do best.", "target_word": "wait"}}
You're right. I don't know why I thought I could do this.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "You're right. I don't ____ why I thought I could do this.", "target_word": "know"}}
Find my family. I can't do this. I'm so sorry. I'll fix it.
Nào, nào. Phòng khách, phòng ăn, kho vũ khí.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "____ my family. I can't do this. I'm so sorry. I'll fix it.", "target_word": "Find"}}
- I'm okay. - Well, I'm gonna get help. Okay?
Nhìn những thứ này xem.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "- I'm okay. - Well, I'm ____na get help. Okay?", "target_word": "gon"}}
Okay? I can do that. I'll be... It'll be all right, Nemo.
Gã này là ai vậy? Anh ta đóng góp lớn cho các tổ chức nhân đạo, mà lại còn sưu tập đủ những thứ này.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "caning"], "masked_text": "Okay? I ____ do that. I'll be... It'll be all right, Nemo.", "target_word": "can"}}
Hello? Someone? Hello?
Chắc hắn làm thế để thu hút gái thôi. Họ thích những vụ quyên góp cứu trợ.
[METADATA]
Anyone? Hello? Anyone?
Và còn tài khoản ngân hàng rất lớn của anh ta nữa.
[METADATA]
Hello.
- Hello? - I'm Sigourney Weaver.
Có càng nhiều tiền, thì con người càng ít có giá.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Hello? - I____ Sigourney Weaver.", "target_word": "'m"}}
Oh. Hi, Sigourney. I need your help.
Thế gã này chắc là kẻ vô dụng nhất nước Mỹ.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["needs", "needing", "needed"], "masked_text": "Oh. Hi, Sigourney. I ____ your help.", "target_word": "need"}}
Won't you please join us...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["joining", "joins", "joined"], "masked_text": "Won't you please ____ us...", "target_word": "join"}}
Oh. Great, great, great.
Nhìn cái này xem. Chắc là vua của hình nhân liễu gai.
[METADATA]
As we explore the wonders of the pacific ocean...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["explores", "exploreing", "exploreed"], "masked_text": "As we ____ the wonders of the pacific ocean...", "target_word": "explore"}}
And the amazing life it holds within.
Còn cái này ở đâu ? Bó tay.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["holding", "hold", "holded"], "masked_text": "And the amazing life it ____ within.", "target_word": "holds"}}
Witness the majesty of the beluga whale.
Của Nhật đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["witnessing", "witnesss", "witnessed"], "masked_text": "____ the majesty of the beluga whale.", "target_word": "Witness"}}
Sigourney Weaver, where are you?
Sao anh biết?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Sigourney Weaver, where ____ you?", "target_word": "are"}}
Dory! There you are!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Dory! There you ____!", "target_word": "are"}}
Guys! I found help. Sigourney Weaver's gonna tell us where we are.
Tôi mua nó ở Nhật mà.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "Guys! I ____ help. Sigourney Weaver's gonna tell us where we are.", "target_word": "found"}}
Look out!
- Anh là ai? - À, xin lỗi. Bruce Wayne.
- Oh, look at this! - No respect for ocean life.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "- Oh, ____ at this! - No respect for ocean life.", "target_word": "look"}}
- Marlin! Nemo! - Dory!
Alexander Knox.
[METADATA]
No, no, no. Not again! Not again!
Let's take her inside and see how she does.
Tôi đọc các bài báo của anh. Tôi rất thích đấy. Cảm ơn. Liệu tôi có được trợ cấp không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leted", "lets", "leting"], "masked_text": "____'s take her inside and see how she does.", "target_word": "Let"}}
Dory! Dory!
Vicki Vale.
Don't worry, Dory! Stay calm. We'll come find you!
Bruce Wayne.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["worrys", "worryed", "worrying"], "masked_text": "Don't ____, Dory! Stay calm. We'll come find you!", "target_word": "worry"}}
And welcome to the Marine Life Institute...
Giờ thì anh chắc chứ?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["welcomeing", "welcomes", "welcomeed"], "masked_text": "And ____ to the Marine Life Institute...", "target_word": "welcome"}}
Where we believe in rescue, rehabilitation and release.
Vâng. Tôi đã xem những bức ảnh của cô ở Corto Maltese, phải không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["believeed", "believes", "believeing"], "masked_text": "Where we ____ in rescue, rehabilitation and release.", "target_word": "believe"}}
Marlin? Nemo?
Cô có con mắt thẩm mỹ tuyệt vời. 1 số người nghĩ cô ấy có 2 cơ. Ngôi nhà thật tuyệt. Có lẽ tôi sẽ muốn chụp nó nếu có thể.
Hello? Hello? Can you help me?
Chúng ta cần nhiều sâm panh hơn. Được không ạ?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["helped", "helping", "helps"], "masked_text": "Hello? Hello? Can you ____ me?", "target_word": "help"}}
Me help you?
Tất nhiên. Bao nhiêu thùng nhỉ? 6? 6?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["helped", "helping", "helps"], "masked_text": "Me ____ you?", "target_word": "help"}}
Huh? What's happening? Help?
6 là ổn rồi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["happened", "happens", "happen"], "masked_text": "Huh? What's ____? Help?", "target_word": "happening"}}
Looks like we're done here.
Cô có ở lại Gotham lâu không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "look", "looked"], "masked_text": "____ like we're done here.", "target_word": "Looks"}}
Dude, cut it out. You're a scientist. We talked about this.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["cuting", "cuts", "cuted"], "masked_text": "Dude, ____ it out. You're a scientist. We talked about this.", "target_word": "cut"}}
Oh, come on. It's funny.
Tôi rất muốn thế. Tôi bị thu hút bởi câu chuyện về "con dơi" của Alex. Ồ, phải rồi, con dơi... Người dơi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "Oh, ____ on. It's funny.", "target_word": "come"}}
Oh boy. Okay. This is... I'll be fine, I just need to find a way out and...
1 công việc nhẹ nhàng sau cuộc chiến ở Corto Maltese hử? Thế anh làm gì để sống nhỉ? Ủy viên Gordon vừa rời bữa tiệc.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["needs", "needing", "needed"], "masked_text": "Oh boy. Okay. This is... I'll be fine, I just ____ to find a way out and...", "target_word": "need"}}
If I could just... get a hold of yourself, get a hold of yourself.
Rất bất thường, cậu chủ. Cho tôi xin phép được không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["coulded", "coulding", "coulds"], "masked_text": "If I ____ just... get a hold of yourself, get a hold of yourself.", "target_word": "could"}}
You'll be fine, everything's fine, think positively.
Tôi nghĩ là đi lối này, cậu chủ à.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "You'll be fine, everything's fine, ____ positively.", "target_word": "think"}}
- Hey, you. - Oh.
[METADATA]
Spinner.
Họ cần thêm rượu trong phòng khách, và bà Daley cần bản sao của thực đơn tối nay.
Oh, thank goodness. Hi, I'm Dory. I'm...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Oh, thank goodness. Hi, I____ Dory. I'm...", "target_word": "'m"}}
Name's Hank. How sick are you?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Name's Hank. How sick ____ you?", "target_word": "are"}}
Sick? I'm sick?
À và cho Knox 1 khoản trợ cấp nữa.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Sick? I____ sick?", "target_word": "'m"}}
Why else would you be in quarantine?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 1, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["woulded", "woulding", "woulds"], "masked_text": "Why else ____ you be in quarantine?", "target_word": "would"}}
Oh no! How long do I have? I have to find my family.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 7, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "Oh no! How long do I have? I have to ____ my family.", "target_word": "find"}}
All right. Now don't get hysterical... Uh-oh. Not good.
Cuộc nói chuyện thật thú vị,ngài Wayne.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "doing", "doed"], "masked_text": "All right. Now ____n't get hysterical... Uh-oh. Not good.", "target_word": "do"}}
What? What is it? What happened? What's that?
Người giàu...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["happening", "happens", "happen"], "masked_text": "What? What is it? What ____? What's that?", "target_word": "happened"}}
That there is bad news.
Biết tại sao họ lập dị như thế không? Vì họ có đủ tiền để làm thế.
[METADATA]
It's a transport tag for fish who can't cut it inside the institute.
Nhìn chiếc gương này xem.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["cuting", "cuts", "cuted"], "masked_text": "It's a transport tag for fish who can't ____ it inside the institute.", "target_word": "cut"}}
They get transferred to permanent digs. An aquarium.
Sao không phải là Bruce Vain chứ.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["transfering", "transfered", "transfers"], "masked_text": "They get ____ to permanent digs. An aquarium.", "target_word": "transferred"}}
In Cleveland.
Fish in here, go back in the ocean. Cleveland fish, stay there forever.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["fished", "fishing", "fishs"], "masked_text": "____ in here, go back in the ocean. Cleveland fish, stay there forever.", "target_word": "Fish"}}
Cleveland? No! I can't go to the Cleveland.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "can"], "masked_text": "Cleveland? No! I ____n't go to the Cleveland.", "target_word": "ca"}}
I have to get to the Jewel of Morro Bay, California and find my family.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "I have to get to the Jewel of Morro Bay, California and ____ my family.", "target_word": "find"}}
That's this place. The Marine Life Institute.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "That____ this place. The Marine Life Institute.", "target_word": "'s"}}
The Jewel of Morro Bay, California. You're here.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "The Jewel of Morro Bay, California. You____ here.", "target_word": "'re"}}
You mean I'm from here? My parents are here. I have to get to them.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["meaned", "means", "meaning"], "masked_text": "You ____ I'm from here? My parents are here. I have to get to them.", "target_word": "mean"}}
So what exhibit are you from?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "So what exhibit ____ you from?", "target_word": "are"}}
Wait. I'm from an exhibit? Which one? I have to get there.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "____. I'm from an exhibit? Which one? I have to get there.", "target_word": "Wait"}}
Hmm. That's a hard one, kid.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Hmm. That____ a hard one, kid.", "target_word": "'s"}}
Unless... nah. Never work. It's too crazy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["worked", "works", "working"], "masked_text": "Unless... nah. Never ____. It's too crazy.", "target_word": "work"}}
What do you mean? Just tell me. I'm okay with crazy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["meaned", "means", "meaning"], "masked_text": "What do you ____? Just tell me. I'm okay with crazy.", "target_word": "mean"}}
You know, I could see that? Well, there's one thing I can think of...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "You ____, I could see that? Well, there's one thing I can think of...", "target_word": "know"}}
To help you get to your family. If I just take...
- Gì vậy? - Tin nặc danh. Napier đang dọn dẹp Axis.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["helped", "helping", "helps"], "masked_text": "To ____ you get to your family. If I just take...", "target_word": "help"}}
Yes! Great idea. You take me to find them. Why didn't I think of that?
Nếu chúng ta tóm được hắn, chúng ta sẽ hạ được Grissom.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "Yes! Great idea. You take me to ____ them. Why didn't I think of that?", "target_word": "find"}}
No, no, no. If I just take your tag...
[METADATA]
I can take your place on the transport truck then you can go back inside...
Sao tôi không biết? Ai đứng sau vụ này? - Eckhardt. - Ôi trời ơi!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "caning"], "masked_text": "I ____ take your place on the transport truck then you can go back inside...", "target_word": "can"}}
And find your family. All you have to do is give me the tag.
Nào, đi thôi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "And ____ your family. All you have to do is give me the tag.", "target_word": "find"}}
What tag? There's a tag on my fin!
[METADATA]
How could you forget you have a tag on your fin?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forgeting", "forgets"], "masked_text": "How could you ____ you have a tag on your fin?", "target_word": "forget"}}
Oh no. I'm sorry. I... I suffer from short-term memory loss.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["suffered", "suffers", "suffering"], "masked_text": "Oh no. I'm sorry. I... I ____ from short-term memory loss.", "target_word": "suffer"}}
You don't remember what we were talking about?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "You don't ____ what we were talking about?", "target_word": "remember"}}
Mm-mm. Not a clue. What were we talking about?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["talk", "talks", "talked"], "masked_text": "Mm-mm. Not a clue. What were we ____ about?", "target_word": "talking"}}
You were about to give me your tag.
Nhìn kỹ đi mấy chú.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "You ____ about to give me your tag.", "target_word": "were"}}
Well, I kind of like my tag. Why do you want it?
Được phép giết. Hiểu chứ?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "Well, I kind of like my tag. Why do you ____ it?", "target_word": "want"}}
So I can go to...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "caning"], "masked_text": "So I ____ go to...", "target_word": "can"}}
So I can go to Cleveland.
Đi thôi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "caning"], "masked_text": "So I ____ go to Cleveland.", "target_word": "can"}}
Cleveland? I hear good things about Cleveland. Why do you want to go?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hears", "hearing", "heared"], "masked_text": "Cleveland? I ____ good things about Cleveland. Why do you want to go?", "target_word": "hear"}}
Because if I stay here I'm gonna get released back to the ocean.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stays", "stayed", "staying"], "masked_text": "Because if I ____ here I'm gonna get released back to the ocean.", "target_word": "stay"}}
And I have extremely unpleasant memories of that place.
[METADATA]
I just want to live in a glass box alone.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "I just ____ to live in a glass box alone.", "target_word": "want"}}
That's all I want. So give me your tag!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "That's all I ____. So give me your tag!", "target_word": "want"}}
Hey, man, don't touch my tag!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["touched", "touching", "touchs"], "masked_text": "Hey, man, don't ____ my tag!", "target_word": "touch"}}
Look...
I don't work here. It's not like I have a map of this place.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["worked", "works", "working"], "masked_text": "I don't ____ here. It's not like I have a map of this place.", "target_word": "work"}}
A map! Good idea.
[METADATA]
You take me to the map, I figure out where my parents are. Oh boy.
Chúng ta bị phản bội.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["figures", "figureing", "figureed"], "masked_text": "You take me to the map, I ____ out where my parents are. Oh boy.", "target_word": "figure"}}
All right. If I get you to your family will you give me...
Cẩn thận đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["willing", "wills", "willed"], "masked_text": "All right. If I get you to your family ____ you give me...", "target_word": "will"}}
I don't have much. I... How about if I give you this tag?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "doing", "doed"], "masked_text": "I ____n't have much. I... How about if I give you this tag?", "target_word": "do"}}
Great idea.
Đứng yên!
Are you absolutely sure that's what I said?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["say", "says", "sayed"], "masked_text": "Are you absolutely sure that's what I ____?", "target_word": "said"}}
"Go wait over there and forget. That's what you do best."
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "\"Go ____ over there and forget. That's what you do best.\"", "target_word": "wait"}}
- Yeah, Dad. - I said that?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["say", "says", "sayed"], "masked_text": "- Yeah, Dad. - I ____ that?", "target_word": "said"}}
You said that, Dory swam to the surface,
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["say", "says", "sayed"], "masked_text": "You ____ that, Dory swam to the surface,", "target_word": "said"}}
and she got taken by some...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["takeing", "takes", "takeed"], "masked_text": "and she got ____ by some...", "target_word": "taken"}}
All right, I don't want to hear the whole story again.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "All right, I don't ____ to hear the whole story again.", "target_word": "want"}}
I was just asking about the one part because, look, if I said that...
Các cậu bên phải. Đi đi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["asks", "ask", "asked"], "masked_text": "I was just ____ about the one part because, look, if I said that...", "target_word": "asking"}}
I'm not positive I did. It's actually a compliment because...
Chuyện quái gì đang xảy ra ở đây vậy?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "I____ not positive I did. It's actually a compliment because...", "target_word": "'m"}}
I asked her to wait and I said, "it's what you do best."
- Ông định làm gì? - Tôi ra lệnh ở đây, không phải Carl Grissom.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["asks", "asking", "ask"], "masked_text": "I ____ her to wait and I said, \"it's what you do best.\"", "target_word": "asked"}}
So I... Oh, it's my fault!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "So I... Oh, it____ my fault!", "target_word": "'s"}}
It's all my fault she got kidnapped and taken into whatever this place is.
Ủy viên Gordon đây Tôi muốn hắn bị bắt sống.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["kidnaping", "kidnap", "kidnaped"], "masked_text": "It's all my fault she got ____ and taken into whatever this place is.", "target_word": "kidnapped"}}
What if it's a restaurant?
Tôi nhắc lại, bất kỳ kẻ nào nổ súng với Jack Napier sẽ phải nói chuyện với tôi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "What if it____ a restaurant?", "target_word": "'s"}}
Oy! You two! Shut it!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["shuting", "shuted", "shuts"], "masked_text": "Oy! You two! ____ it!", "target_word": "Shut"}}
Yeah, we're trying to sleep! You interrupted my favorite dream!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["trys", "try", "tryed"], "masked_text": "Yeah, we're ____ to sleep! You interrupted my favorite dream!", "target_word": "trying"}}
Is that the one about you laying on this rock?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lay", "layed", "lays"], "masked_text": "Is that the one about you ____ on this rock?", "target_word": "laying"}}
- Yeah. - Oh, that is a good one.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Yeah. - Oh, that ____ a good one.", "target_word": "is"}}
- Oh yeah, isn't it? Yeah. - It's one of my favorites.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Oh yeah, ____n't it? Yeah. - It's one of my favorites.", "target_word": "is"}}
- Excuse us. Hello! We're trying to... - Son! Son.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["excuseing", "excuses", "excuseed"], "masked_text": "- ____ us. Hello! We're trying to... - Son! Son.", "target_word": "Excuse"}}
Those are sea lions. They are natural predators.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Those ____ sea lions. They are natural predators.", "target_word": "are"}}
They could pounce at any moment.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["pounceed", "pounceing", "pounces"], "masked_text": "They could ____ at any moment.", "target_word": "pounce"}}
They don't look very pouncy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "They don't ____ very pouncy.", "target_word": "look"}}
That's what they want you to think.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "That's what they ____ you to think.", "target_word": "want"}}
Just get behind me and let me do the talking.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leted", "lets", "leting"], "masked_text": "Just get behind me and ____ me do the talking.", "target_word": "let"}}
Excuse me, we're worried about our friend. Is that a restaurant?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["excuseing", "excuses", "excuseed"], "masked_text": "____ me, we're worried about our friend. Is that a restaurant?", "target_word": "Excuse"}}
Mate, it's not a restaurant. Your friend is okay.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Mate, it____ not a restaurant. Your friend is okay.", "target_word": "'s"}}
- She is? - It's a fish hospital.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- She ____? - It's a fish hospital.", "target_word": "is"}}
Sigourney Weaver says she'll be rescued, rehabilitated, and released.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["say", "sayed", "saying"], "masked_text": "Sigourney Weaver ____ she'll be rescued, rehabilitated, and released.", "target_word": "says"}}
She'll be in and out in a jiff. We should know.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "She'll be in and out in a jiff. We should ____.", "target_word": "know"}}
- Nasal parasite. - Anemia.
[METADATA]
All fixed up and sent on our way.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["fixs", "fixing", "fix"], "masked_text": "All ____ up and sent on our way.", "target_word": "fixed"}}
Oh, thank goodness.
Cho tôi xuống!
[METADATA]
Sure, that's all right. Don't you worry ab...
Cho tôi xuống!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["worrys", "worryed", "worrying"], "masked_text": "Sure, that's all right. Don't you ____ ab...", "target_word": "worry"}}
- Gerald, get off the rock! - Shove off, Gerald! Come on. Off! Off!
Cho tôi xuống!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["shoveed", "shoveing", "shoves"], "masked_text": "- Gerald, get off the rock! - ____ off, Gerald! Come on. Off! Off!", "target_word": "Shove"}}
- Get off! Now you know better! Off! - Off! Off! Off! Off!
Ôi Chúa ơi!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "- Get off! Now you ____ better! Off! - Off! Off! Off! Off!", "target_word": "know"}}
Don't you worry about a thing. That place is the Marine Life Institute.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["worrys", "worryed", "worrying"], "masked_text": "Don't you ____ about a thing. That place is the Marine Life Institute.", "target_word": "worry"}}
The Jewel of Morro Bay, California.
[METADATA]
She was right. It looks like Dory can do something besides forget.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "look", "looked"], "masked_text": "She was right. It ____ like Dory can do something besides forget.", "target_word": "looks"}}
Thank you, Nemo. Thank you for that.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thanked", "thanks", "thanking"], "masked_text": "____ you, Nemo. Thank you for that.", "target_word": "Thank"}}
So how are we gonna get inside?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "So how are we ____na get inside?", "target_word": "gon"}}
Wait. You want to get inside mli?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "____. You want to get inside mli?", "target_word": "Wait"}}
Desperately. Our friend is in there. Lost, alone.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lose", "loseed", "loseing"], "masked_text": "Desperately. Our friend is in there. ____, alone.", "target_word": "Lost"}}
She's scared. She'll have no idea what to do.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "She____ scared. She'll have no idea what to do.", "target_word": "'s"}}
Oh, we know a way.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Oh, we ____ a way.", "target_word": "know"}}
- You do? - Ooo-roo. Ooo-roo-roo. Ooo-roo.
[METADATA]
- What are they doing? - I don't know. It sounds bad.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "- What are they doing? - I don't ____. It sounds bad.", "target_word": "know"}}
- Are we there yet? - Sh. Keep it down!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- ____ we there yet? - Sh. Keep it down!", "target_word": "Are"}}
Hank., I'm so glad I found you. It feels like... I... destiny.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "Hank., I'm so glad I ____ you. It feels like... I... destiny.", "target_word": "found"}}
For what must be the millionth time, it's not destiny.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 1, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["musted", "musts", "musting"], "masked_text": "For what ____ be the millionth time, it's not destiny.", "target_word": "must"}}
Uh-oh. Have I said "destiny" before? I'm sorry.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["say", "says", "sayed"], "masked_text": "Uh-oh. Have I ____ \"destiny\" before? I'm sorry.", "target_word": "said"}}
I'm just so nervous because I'm gonna meet my parents.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "I'm just so nervous because I'm ____na meet my parents.", "target_word": "gon"}}
I haven't seen them in I don't even know how long because...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["seeed", "sees", "seeing"], "masked_text": "I haven't ____ them in I don't even know how long because...", "target_word": "seen"}}
- You see I suffer from short-term... - Short-term memory loss.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["suffered", "suffers", "suffering"], "masked_text": "- You see I ____ from short-term... - Short-term memory loss.", "target_word": "suffer"}}
Look, no more talking. Okay? I don't like talking.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "____, no more talking. Okay? I don't like talking.", "target_word": "Look"}}
I don't like chatter and questions. And, "how are you? Oh I'm fine."
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["likeed", "likeing", "likes"], "masked_text": "I don't ____ chatter and questions. And, \"how are you? Oh I'm fine.\"", "target_word": "like"}}
"How are you? I'm fine too." News flash - Nobody's fine.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "\"How ____ you? I'm fine too.\" News flash - Nobody's fine.", "target_word": "are"}}
Oh, I'm fine. How are you?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Oh, I____ fine. How are you?", "target_word": "'m"}}
- Hank, look, there's a map! - Sh!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "- Hank, ____, there's a map! - Sh!", "target_word": "look"}}
The plan is you're gonna read that and figure out where your parents live.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "The plan is you're ____na read that and figure out where your parents live.", "target_word": "gon"}}
Then I'm on the truck to Cleveland. You got it?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "Then I'm on the truck to Cleveland. You ____ it?", "target_word": "got"}}
Got it. What was the first part again?
Cậu lên cầu thang bên đó.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gots", "goted", "goting"], "masked_text": "____ it. What was the first part again?", "target_word": "Got"}}
Ugh.
Cậu lo bên kia. Cẩn thận đấy.
What? The octopus escaped again?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["escapeed", "escapes", "escape"], "masked_text": "What? The octopus ____ again?", "target_word": "escaped"}}
Wow. Look at all the exhibits.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "Wow. ____ at all the exhibits.", "target_word": "Look"}}
How can you do this park in one day? Seriously.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "caning"], "masked_text": "How ____ you do this park in one day? Seriously.", "target_word": "can"}}
- Pick one! - Okay.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["picking", "picked", "picks"], "masked_text": "- ____ one! - Okay.", "target_word": "Pick"}}
Well, tell everyone to keep an eye out.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["tells", "telling", "telled"], "masked_text": "Well, ____ everyone to keep an eye out.", "target_word": "tell"}}
We're supposed to be releasing the octopus back to the ocean today.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 1, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["suppose", "supposeing", "supposes"], "masked_text": "We're ____ to be releasing the octopus back to the ocean today.", "target_word": "supposed"}}
Well, of course I haven't seen him. If I was looking I'd find him.
Trời ơi!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["seeed", "sees", "seeing"], "masked_text": "Well, of course I haven't ____ him. If I was looking I'd find him.", "target_word": "seen"}}
Hank! There you are.
Để ông ta đi... không tao giết Gordon.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Hank! There you ____.", "target_word": "are"}}
- Hurry up! - Okay. Okay.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hurrys", "hurryed", "hurrying"], "masked_text": "- ____ up! - Okay. Okay.", "target_word": "Hurry"}}
K. It starts with a "k." Kid z-own-y. Kid zone!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["start", "started", "starting"], "masked_text": "K. It ____ with a \"k.\" Kid z-own-y. Kid zone!", "target_word": "starts"}}
No! No kids. Kids grab things.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["grabing", "grabed", "grabs"], "masked_text": "No! No kids. Kids ____ things.", "target_word": "grab"}}
And I'm not losing another tentacle for you.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lose", "loseed", "loseing"], "masked_text": "And I'm not ____ another tentacle for you.", "target_word": "losing"}}
You lost a tentacle? Well then you're not an octopus,
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lose", "loseed", "loseing"], "masked_text": "You ____ a tentacle? Well then you're not an octopus,", "target_word": "lost"}}
you're a septopus.
Đồ đẹp đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "you____ a septopus.", "target_word": "'re"}}
I may not remember, but I can count.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "I may not ____, but I can count.", "target_word": "remember"}}
- Hurry up! - Okay.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hurrys", "hurryed", "hurrying"], "masked_text": "- ____ up! - Okay.", "target_word": "Hurry"}}
Journey to the... Hey, look. Shells.
[METADATA]
Hey, look. Shells! Daddy, here's a shell for you.
Đi nào, Jack, mau lên!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Hey, look. Shells! Daddy, here____ a shell for you.", "target_word": "'s"}}
That's great, Dory. You found another one.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "That's great, Dory. You ____ another one.", "target_word": "found"}}
- I did? - Oh, yes, you did.
[METADATA]
You're getting good at this, Dory.
Đi nào!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "You're ____ good at this, Dory.", "target_word": "getting"}}
Hey, look. Shells!
Eckhardt!
[METADATA]
- Hey, I live there. - Yes! Yes, indeed.
Nghĩ về tương lai đi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["liveing", "liveed", "lives"], "masked_text": "- Hey, I ____ there. - Yes! Yes, indeed.", "target_word": "live"}}
- I like shells. - That's right, dear.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- I like shells. - That____ right, dear.", "target_word": "'s"}}
Do you think you could find me another shell?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "Do you ____ you could find me another shell?", "target_word": "think"}}
Purple ones are my favorite.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Purple ones ____ my favorite.", "target_word": "are"}}
Okay, mommy.
Mommy. Purple shell. Purple shell! Hey, my home had a purple shell.
[METADATA]
So what? Half the exhibits here have purple shells in them.
No, no, no. You don't understand. I remember her now.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["understands", "understanding", "understanded"], "masked_text": "No, no, no. You don't ____. I remember her now.", "target_word": "understand"}}
Purple shells were her favorite and she had this adorable giggle.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Purple shells ____ her favorite and she had this adorable giggle.", "target_word": "were"}}
And then my dad was really friendly.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "And then my dad ____ really friendly.", "target_word": "was"}}
And now your wacky memory's gonna get us caught.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["catching", "catchs", "catched"], "masked_text": "And now your wacky memory's gonna get us ____.", "target_word": "caught"}}
Still think this is destiny?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "Still ____ this is destiny?", "target_word": "think"}}
- Hank, we have to find my folks! - Quiet!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "- Hank, we have to ____ my folks! - Quiet!", "target_word": "find"}}
Ugh. Base, this is Carol.
Chết tiệt, chúng ta suýt tóm được hắn!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Ugh. Base, th____ is Carol.", "target_word": "is"}}
I think I might have found that missing octopus. Over.
Đứng yên đó!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "I ____ I might have found that missing octopus. Over.", "target_word": "think"}}
- See what you did? - Sorry.
[METADATA]
This could not be worse.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["coulded", "coulding", "coulds"], "masked_text": "This ____ not be worse.", "target_word": "could"}}
Hmm. "Destiny." Destiny.
[METADATA]
Hank. I got a feeling. I think we should get in the bucket.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "Hank. I ____ a feeling. I think we should get in the bucket.", "target_word": "got"}}
- No. Stop. - Seriously. It says "destiny" and it is...
- Thằng nào thế nhỉ? - Sao tôi biết được.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["say", "sayed", "saying"], "masked_text": "- No. Stop. - Seriously. It ____ \"destiny\" and it is...", "target_word": "says"}}
- No, no, no, no, no. - We've got to get in that bucket.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "- No, no, no, no, no. - We've ____ to get in that bucket.", "target_word": "got"}}
- I'm not going with you in that bucket. - Here... I... Go... In... The... Bucket. Bye.
Tốt nhất là nên để mắt đến hắn.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "- I'm not ____ with you in that bucket. - Here... I... Go... In... The... Bucket. Bye.", "target_word": "going"}}
Hey, guys, I'm looking for my family. Oh, good idea. Play dead.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["look", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "Hey, guys, I'm ____ for my family. Oh, good idea. Play dead.", "target_word": "looking"}}
I'm sorry. I got to blink. How do you hold your eyes open that long?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "I'm sorry. I ____ to blink. How do you hold your eyes open that long?", "target_word": "got"}}
Hey, guys. Wait a second.
Nếu không có con dơi, thì ai làm rơi Napier vào bể axit? Tự tử? Tôi muốn ghi âm chuyện này. Hắn gác máy. Cô có gì nào?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "Hey, guys. ____ a second.", "target_word": "Wait"}}
Our next guest has been here a very long time.
Đây là khu vực nội thành. Đây là nơi xảy ra vụ việc. Có thể Người dơi có thứ gì đó bay được.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 11, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["have", "haves", "haveed"], "masked_text": "Our next guest ____ been here a very long time.", "target_word": "has"}}
She's a whale shark. Her name is destiny.
Tốt lắm. Tôi nay chúng ta sẽ ăn tối, rồi lần theo dấu vết.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "She____ a whale shark. Her name is destiny.", "target_word": "'s"}}
Destiny? Really?
You'll notice she's extremely nearsighted and has trouble...
Không được. Tôi có hẹn. Bruce Wayne.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["noticeing", "notices", "noticeed"], "masked_text": "You'll ____ she's extremely nearsighted and has trouble...", "target_word": "notice"}}
Navigating her environment. Oh! And here she comes now.
Wayne! Wayne! Ôi. không! Gã này khó chơi đấy. Cô có thể kiếm ai tốt hơn mà.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["navigateing", "navigateed", "navigate"], "masked_text": "____ her environment. Oh! And here she comes now.", "target_word": "Navigating"}}
Ooh! Destiny. You're a fish?
Cảm ơn vì đã quan tâm.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Ooh! Destiny. You____ a fish?", "target_word": "'re"}}
Wait. What?
- Hi! Hello there. Can you help me? - Whoa! Oh. Whoa.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["helped", "helping", "helps"], "masked_text": "- Hi! Hello there. Can you ____ me? - Whoa! Oh. Whoa.", "target_word": "help"}}
All right, I'll go with you.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["willing", "wills", "willed"], "masked_text": "All right, I____ go with you.", "target_word": "'ll"}}
Excuse me. Hi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["excuseing", "excuses", "excuseed"], "masked_text": "____ me. Hi.", "target_word": "Excuse"}}
Who is that? Is that blue blob talking?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["talk", "talks", "talked"], "masked_text": "Who is that? Is that blue blob ____?", "target_word": "talking"}}
- Can you help me? I lost my family. And... - You lost your family?
Súp thế nào?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["helped", "helping", "helps"], "masked_text": "- Can you ____ me? I lost my family. And... - You lost your family?", "target_word": "help"}}
Well, it's a long story,
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Well, it____ a long story,", "target_word": "'s"}}
and truth be told, I don't remember most of it.
Cái gì cơ?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["tells", "telling", "telled"], "masked_text": "and truth be ____, I don't remember most of it.", "target_word": "told"}}
Aw, that is so sad. You poor thing...
Món súp. Ổn không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Aw, that ____ so sad. You poor thing...", "target_word": "is"}}
Sorry. Not a great swimmer. I can't see very well.
Tuyệt lắm.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "can"], "masked_text": "Sorry. Not a great swimmer. I ____n't see very well.", "target_word": "ca"}}
Oh, I think you swim beautifully.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "Oh, I ____ you swim beautifully.", "target_word": "think"}}
In fact, I've never seen a fish swim like that before.
Anh có thể đưa cho tôi lọ muối không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["seeed", "sees", "seeing"], "masked_text": "In fact, I've never ____ a fish swim like that before.", "target_word": "seen"}}
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Wait. Say that again.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "____. Say that again.", "target_word": "Wait"}}
Um. You're welcome.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Um. You____ welcome.", "target_word": "'re"}}
- Dory? - Yes.
[METADATA]
- Dory! - Yes.
- You and I were friends! - No!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- You and I ____ friends! - No!", "target_word": "were"}}
- Dory, it's me! Destiny! - You know me?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "- Dory, it's me! Destiny! - You ____ me?", "target_word": "know"}}
Of course! We talked through the pipes when we were little.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["talk", "talks", "talking"], "masked_text": "Of course! We ____ through the pipes when we were little.", "target_word": "talked"}}
- We were pipe pals! - We were?
Tìm nhà tôi có khó không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- We ____ pipe pals! - We were?", "target_word": "were"}}
- Aw, you're so pretty. - So you know where I'm from?
- Thường thôi. - Tốt.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "- Aw, you're so pretty. - So you ____ where I'm from?", "target_word": "know"}}
Yep, you are from the open ocean exhibit.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Yep, you ____ from the open ocean exhibit.", "target_word": "are"}}
I'm from the open ocean exhibit?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "I____ from the open ocean exhibit?", "target_word": "'m"}}
Then that's where my parents are. We got to go. Can you take me there?
Anh thích dùng bữa ở đây lắm à?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "Then that's where my parents are. We ____ to go. Can you take me there?", "target_word": "got"}}
Kind of tough for a whale to travel around here.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["traveled", "traveling", "travels"], "masked_text": "Kind of tough for a whale to ____ around here.", "target_word": "travel"}}
Can you please keep it down over there? My head hurts.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hurted", "hurt", "hurting"], "masked_text": "Can you please keep it down over there? My head ____.", "target_word": "hurts"}}
- Who's that? - That's my neighbor, Bailey.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Who____ that? - That's my neighbor, Bailey.", "target_word": "'s"}}
He was brought in with a head injury.
Tôi không nghĩ là tôi đã từng vào phòng này.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["brings", "bring", "bringing"], "masked_text": "He was ____ in with a head injury.", "target_word": "brought"}}
I know you're talking about me, Destiny.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "I ____ you're talking about me, Destiny.", "target_word": "know"}}
He thinks he can't use his echolocation, but I've overheard...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinked", "think"], "masked_text": "He ____ he can't use his echolocation, but I've overheard...", "target_word": "thinks"}}
the doctors talking. There's not a thing wrong with him.
Cô muốn đi chỗ khác không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["talk", "talks", "talked"], "masked_text": "the doctors ____. There's not a thing wrong with him.", "target_word": "talking"}}
Hear every word you're saying about me.
Có chứ.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hears", "hearing", "heared"], "masked_text": "____ every word you're saying about me.", "target_word": "Hear"}}
What's echolocation?
Bailey's head is supposed to put out a call and the echo helps him...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["suppose", "supposeing", "supposes"], "masked_text": "Bailey's head is ____ to put out a call and the echo helps him...", "target_word": "supposed"}}
Find objects far away. Oh, but apparently he's still "healing."
Thế là cậu chủ Bruce...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "____ objects far away. Oh, but apparently he's still \"healing.\"", "target_word": "Find"}}
Now I know you're talking about me. I really can't echolocate.
...lên con ngựa nhỏ màu xám cùng tôi...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Now I ____ you're talking about me. I really can't echolocate.", "target_word": "know"}}
I cannot have this conversation again. I just can't.
...và cuối ngày thì cả người toàn bùn đất, và chân thì bị bong gân.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "caning"], "masked_text": "I ____not have this conversation again. I just can't.", "target_word": "can"}}
I hit my head very hard out there. See how swollen it is!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hiting", "hited", "hits"], "masked_text": "I ____ my head very hard out there. See how swollen it is!", "target_word": "hit"}}
Your head is supposed to be big! You're a beluga!
Đó là lần đầu và cũng là lần cuối bác dạy cậu ấy cưỡi ngựa.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["suppose", "supposeing", "supposes"], "masked_text": "Your head is ____ to be big! You're a beluga!", "target_word": "supposed"}}
Echolocation. Oh, like the world's most powerful pair of glasses?
[METADATA]
- What? - What are glasses?
Bác nghĩ mình đã làm cậu ấy xấu hổ đủ rồi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- What? - What ____ glasses?", "target_word": "are"}}
It's sort of like you go, "Hoo" and then you see things. Why do I know that?
Bác đi ngủ đây. À, cứ để mọi thứ đấy. Sáng mai bác sẽ dọn.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "It's sort of like you go, \"Hoo\" and then you see things. Why do I ____ that?", "target_word": "know"}}
Oh. That's interesting.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Oh. That____ interesting.", "target_word": "'s"}}
There you are! Listen up, you and I are square.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["listening", "listened", "listens"], "masked_text": "There you are! ____ up, you and I are square.", "target_word": "Listen"}}
I took you to the map, now give me that tag!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["takeing", "takes", "takeed"], "masked_text": "I ____ you to the map, now give me that tag!", "target_word": "took"}}
Wait, no. I know where my parents are. They're in the...
Bác ấy thật tuyệt vời. Ông chắc yêu anh lắm.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "____, no. I know where my parents are. They're in the...", "target_word": "Wait"}}
What's it called? The place... The soap and lotion?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["call", "calling", "calls"], "masked_text": "What's it ____? The place... The soap and lotion?", "target_word": "called"}}
- Open ocean. - Open ocean!
Alfred rất tuyệt. Tôi không thể tìm tất của mình nếu không có bác ấy.
[METADATA]
Open ocean! I know where that is.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Open ocean! I ____ where that is.", "target_word": "know"}}
That's the exhibit located right next to... I don't care.
Bác ấy làm tôi nhớ đến ông của mình.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["locateed", "locates", "locateing"], "masked_text": "That's the exhibit ____ right next to... I don't care.", "target_word": "located"}}
Easy!
Cô có gần gũi ông ấy không?
If you're trying to get to the open ocean exhibit go through the pipes.
Tôi thường ở với ông bà cả mùa hè.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["trys", "try", "tryed"], "masked_text": "If you're ____ to get to the open ocean exhibit go through the pipes.", "target_word": "trying"}}
- Through the pipes. Great. - Through the pipes?
[METADATA]
Yep. Take two lefts, swim straight and you'll hit it.
Họ có 1 căn nhà bên hồ. Không như thế này, nhưng...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["swimed", "swims", "swiming"], "masked_text": "Yep. Take two lefts, ____ straight and you'll hit it.", "target_word": "swim"}}
Oh, that's a lot of directions. That's... Did you get that, Hank? All that?
...rất vui.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Oh, that____ a lot of directions. That's... Did you get that, Hank? All that?", "target_word": "'s"}}
- Yeah. - Great! Let's go.
Nghe hay đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leted", "lets", "leting"], "masked_text": "- Yeah. - Great! ____'s go.", "target_word": "Let"}}
I'm not going with you. I won't fit. You have to go by yourself.
Còn gia đình anh thì sao?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "I'm not ____ with you. I won't fit. You have to go by yourself.", "target_word": "going"}}
That's... I'm... I... see, I can't because I'm not so good with directions.
Thực ra, Alfred là gia đình tôi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "That____... I'm... I... see, I can't because I'm not so good with directions.", "target_word": "'s"}}
Well, that's too bad. A deal's a deal. You wanted to find your parents?
Ngôi nhà và tất cả những đồ đạc này có vẻ không giống anh chút nào.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "want", "wanting"], "masked_text": "Well, that's too bad. A deal's a deal. You ____ to find your parents?", "target_word": "wanted"}}
That's how you get to them. Now give me your tag.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "That____ how you get to them. Now give me your tag.", "target_word": "'s"}}
But, Hank, I can't go in the pipes alone. I'll forget where I'm going.
1 số rất giống tôi đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forgeting", "forgets"], "masked_text": "But, Hank, I can't go in the pipes alone. I'll ____ where I'm going.", "target_word": "forget"}}
- Not my problem. Tag! - But I can't get in that way.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "can"], "masked_text": "- Not my problem. Tag! - But I ____n't get in that way.", "target_word": "ca"}}
- I'm sorry, but there's no other way. - There's no other way.
1 số thì không. Chắc chắn là phòng ăn không giống rồi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- I____ sorry, but there's no other way. - There's no other way.", "target_word": "'m"}}
- There's no other way. - Now, now. Don't panic.
Tất nhiên rồi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["panics", "panicing", "paniced"], "masked_text": "- There's no other way. - Now, now. Don't ____.", "target_word": "panic"}}
It's okay. Not everything in life is easy to do. Isn't that right, Charlie?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "It____ okay. Not everything in life is easy to do. Isn't that right, Charlie?", "target_word": "'s"}}
She's right. When something's too hard, you should just give up.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "She____ right. When something's too hard, you should just give up.", "target_word": "'s"}}
- Charlie! - A joke. I'm kidding!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["kided", "kids", "kid"], "masked_text": "- Charlie! - A joke. I'm ____!", "target_word": "kidding"}}
Just a joke. A joke. Caution, joker at work.
[METADATA]
Joke. I got it.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "Joke. I ____ it.", "target_word": "got"}}
You see, kelpcake? There's always another way.
[METADATA]
Thank you, Daddy.
Xem chúng ta có gì nào.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thanked", "thanks", "thanking"], "masked_text": "____ you, Daddy.", "target_word": "Thank"}}
Thank you, Daddy. Nope. My father said there's always another way.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thanked", "thanks", "thanking"], "masked_text": "____ you, Daddy. Nope. My father said there's always another way.", "target_word": "Thank"}}
- What? There is no other way. - Open ocean. Open ocean.
[METADATA]
Open ocean. I'm pretty sure it's the building over there.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Open ocean. I____ pretty sure it's the building over there.", "target_word": "'m"}}
That's ill-defined and roundish. Like Bailey's head.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["defineed", "defines", "define"], "masked_text": "That's ill-____ and roundish. Like Bailey's head.", "target_word": "defined"}}
- Wait, what? - Always another way. There's...
[METADATA]
There! Guys, follow me. I know how we can get to locomotion.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["following", "followed", "follows"], "masked_text": "There! Guys, ____ me. I know how we can get to locomotion.", "target_word": "follow"}}
- Open ocean. - Exactly.
Ôi trời ơi!
[METADATA]
Guys. You know I can't swim over there, right?
Gương. Gương đâu!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Guys. You ____ I can't swim over there, right?", "target_word": "know"}}
Ooo-roo, ooo-roo, ooo-roo.
[METADATA]
I don't see how this is going to get us inside. What are you even doing?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "I don't see how this is ____ to get us inside. What are you even doing?", "target_word": "going"}}
We're calling her over, of course.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["called", "call", "calls"], "masked_text": "We're ____ her over, of course.", "target_word": "calling"}}
Calling her over? Calling who over?
Ông phải hiểu là các mạch máu đã bị tổn thương nặng.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["called", "call", "calls"], "masked_text": "____ her over? Calling who over?", "target_word": "Calling"}}
Lads, meet Becky.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["meets", "meeted", "meeting"], "masked_text": "Lads, ____ Becky.", "target_word": "meet"}}
Flying? No, no, no new information.
Ông phải biết là tôi phải làm việc với những dụng cụ này.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["fly", "flys", "flyed"], "masked_text": "____? No, no, no new information.", "target_word": "Flying"}}
Listen, tell her thank you. You guys have gone above and beyond. Really.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["listening", "listened", "listens"], "masked_text": "____, tell her thank you. You guys have gone above and beyond. Really.", "target_word": "Listen"}}
But is there a way to get in that involves, like, swimming?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["swimed", "swim", "swims"], "masked_text": "But is there a way to get in that involves, like, ____?", "target_word": "swimming"}}
Because that's really our strength.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Because that____ really our strength.", "target_word": "'s"}}
Look, your friend is going to be in quarantine.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "____, your friend is going to be in quarantine.", "target_word": "Look"}}
That's where they take the sick fish.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "That____ where they take the sick fish.", "target_word": "'s"}}
And the one and only one way into that place is Becky.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "And the one and only one way into that place ____ Becky.", "target_word": "is"}}
Hi, Becky. Ow! Stop. Let's call her pecky because this is hurting.
Nhiều bậc thang quá. Chân em đau muốn chết.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stoping", "stoped", "stops"], "masked_text": "Hi, Becky. Ow! ____. Let's call her pecky because this is hurting.", "target_word": "Stop"}}
I think she likes you, Dad.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "I ____ she likes you, Dad.", "target_word": "think"}}
Becky, love? These two nice fish need to get into quarantine.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["needs", "needing", "needed"], "masked_text": "Becky, love? These two nice fish ____ to get into quarantine.", "target_word": "need"}}
Are you free today, Rebecca darling?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "____ you free today, Rebecca darling?", "target_word": "Are"}}
Becky, is... would that work with your schedule? Ow!
Em say quá rồi. Mà anh thì chả sao cả.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["worked", "works", "working"], "masked_text": "Becky, is... would that ____ with your schedule? Ow!", "target_word": "work"}}
She doesn't understand what I'm saying.
1 ly nữa là anh bay mất đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["understands", "understanding", "understanded"], "masked_text": "She doesn't ____ what I'm saying.", "target_word": "understand"}}
All you have to do is imprint with her, mate.
Sao anh lại sợ bay?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "All you have to do ____ imprint with her, mate.", "target_word": "is"}}
- Imp... what? - Imprint.
[METADATA]
Look her in the eye and say, "ooo-roo" and she'll be in sync with you.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "____ her in the eye and say, \"ooo-roo\" and she'll be in sync with you.", "target_word": "Look"}}
- Now look her in the eye. - Yeah.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "- Now ____ her in the eye. - Yeah.", "target_word": "look"}}
Nemo, I think we should devise an alternate plan.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "Nemo, I ____ we should devise an alternate plan.", "target_word": "think"}}
One that involves staying in the water and someone sane.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["involve", "involveed", "involveing"], "masked_text": "One that ____ staying in the water and someone sane.", "target_word": "involves"}}
Because this bird, this bird... This ain't the bird!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Because this bird, this bird... This ____n't the bird!", "target_word": "ai"}}
That's fine, Dad. And in the meantime, Dory will just forget us.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forgeting", "forgets"], "masked_text": "That's fine, Dad. And in the meantime, Dory will just ____ us.", "target_word": "forget"}}
Like you said, it's what she does best.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["say", "says", "sayed"], "masked_text": "Like you ____, it's what she does best.", "target_word": "said"}}
Fine.
Okay, look her in the eye. Which eye?
Em đấy à, "Kẹo đường"?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "Okay, ____ her in the eye. Which eye?", "target_word": "look"}}
Just pick one, mate.
Mày là thằng nào?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["picking", "picked", "picks"], "masked_text": "Just ____ one, mate.", "target_word": "pick"}}
Becky.
Tôi đây. “Kẹo đường”
Ooh. Ooo-roo. Roo-roo, Becky.
Cậu còn sống à! Tôi nghe nói cậu đã bị...
[METADATA]
Okay, this is all great.
Rán? Có phải đó là điều ông được nghe?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Okay, th____ is all great.", "target_word": "is"}}
How exactly is Becky supposed to carry us?
Ông gài bẫy tôi bằng 1 con đàn bà. 1 con đàn bà!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["suppose", "supposeing", "supposes"], "masked_text": "How exactly is Becky ____ to carry us?", "target_word": "supposed"}}
Oh yeah. I almost forgot. Gerald!
Ông điên rồi à.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forget", "forgeting"], "masked_text": "Oh yeah. I almost ____. Gerald!", "target_word": "forgot"}}
- Hmm? - Yeah, Gerald.
[METADATA]
- Come on, son. - Hmm?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "- ____ on, son. - Hmm?", "target_word": "Come"}}
Come on, Gerald. Give us your pail, we'll let you sit on the rock.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "____ on, Gerald. Give us your pail, we'll let you sit on the rock.", "target_word": "Come"}}
- Yeah, Gerald. We swear it. - Hmm.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["sweared", "swearing", "swears"], "masked_text": "- Yeah, Gerald. We ____ it. - Hmm.", "target_word": "swear"}}
That's right. Shimmy on over here.
Đừng nghĩ đến chuyện đó.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "That____ right. Shimmy on over here.", "target_word": "'s"}}
Come on. You can do it.
Mạng của mày không đáng để tao nhổ vào đâu!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "____ on. You can do it.", "target_word": "Come"}}
That's right.
Mind you don't scuff your bum.
Tôi đã chết 1 lần rồi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["minds", "minded", "minding"], "masked_text": "____ you don't scuff your bum.", "target_word": "Mind"}}
Thank you so much, Gerald.
Đó là 1 sự giải thoát...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thanked", "thanks", "thanking"], "masked_text": "____ you so much, Gerald.", "target_word": "Thank"}}
Welcome to your time on this rock.
...có thể coi đó là 1... phương pháp trị liệu.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["welcomeing", "welcomes", "welcomeed"], "masked_text": "____ to your time on this rock.", "target_word": "Welcome"}}
Comfortable, isn't it?
Jack, nghe này.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Comfortable, ____n't it?", "target_word": "is"}}
- Time's up! Get off! Off! Off! Off! Off! - Time's up! Now get off, Gerald! Off!
Chúng ta có thể thỏa thuận.
[METADATA]
No, this is nuts! Why do I keep getting talked into insane choices?
Jack?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["talk", "talks", "talking"], "masked_text": "No, this is nuts! Why do I keep getting ____ into insane choices?", "target_word": "talked"}}
Good luck!
Jack chết rồi, ông bạn của tôi. Ông có thể gọi tôi là...
Okay, when I tell you you're gonna...
...Joker. Như ông đã thấy...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["tells", "telling", "telled"], "masked_text": "Okay, when I ____ you you're gonna...", "target_word": "tell"}}
Yeah. I know. I'm gonna signal with a big splash.
...giờ tôi vui vẻ hơn nhiều.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Yeah. I ____. I'm gonna signal with a big splash.", "target_word": "know"}}
On my mark. Not clear yet. Not clear yet.
[METADATA]
- Now? - Not 'til destiny gives the signal.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["giveing", "give", "giveed"], "masked_text": "- Now? - Not 'til destiny ____ the signal.", "target_word": "gives"}}
You know something? I have no idea why you're even doing this.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "You ____ something? I have no idea why you're even doing this.", "target_word": "know"}}
What do you mean?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["meaned", "means", "meaning"], "masked_text": "What do you ____?", "target_word": "mean"}}
It seems like a lot of trouble just to find some more fish.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "It seems like a lot of trouble just to ____ some more fish.", "target_word": "find"}}
If I had short-term memory loss...
[METADATA]
I'd just swim off into the blue and forget everything.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["swimed", "swims", "swiming"], "masked_text": "I'd just ____ off into the blue and forget everything.", "target_word": "swim"}}
Well I don't want to do that. I want my family.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "Well I don't ____ to do that. I want my family.", "target_word": "want"}}
Not me, kid. I don't want anyone to worry about.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "Not me, kid. I don't ____ anyone to worry about.", "target_word": "want"}}
You're lucky. No memories. No problems.
1 ngày thú vị.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "You____ lucky. No memories. No problems.", "target_word": "'re"}}
Huh. No memories. No problems.
[METADATA]
Still not clear. Still not clear.
You don't have to say when it's not time.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "doing", "doed"], "masked_text": "You ____n't have to say when it's not time.", "target_word": "do"}}
- Not... - Just tell me when it is time.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["tells", "telling", "telled"], "masked_text": "- Not... - Just ____ me when it is time.", "target_word": "tell"}}
Okay, here we go. And... wait!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "Okay, here we go. And... ____!", "target_word": "wait"}}
"Here we go. Wait." Are you serious?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "\"Here we go. ____.\" Are you serious?", "target_word": "Wait"}}
- Okay, on the count of three. - Don't count. Just say, "Go."
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["counting", "counts", "counted"], "masked_text": "- Okay, on the ____ of three. - Don't count. Just say, \"Go.\"", "target_word": "count"}}
- Go! Now, now. Do it! Do it! - What? Okay, okay.
[METADATA]
- Wow. Look at that! I mean... - That's the signal.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "- Wow. ____ at that! I mean... - That's the signal.", "target_word": "Look"}}
Go, go, go! That's the signal!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Go, go, go! That____ the signal!", "target_word": "'s"}}
Now remember, destiny said follow the signs to the open ocean exhibit.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "Now ____, destiny said follow the signs to the open ocean exhibit.", "target_word": "remember"}}
I can't see squat, so it's your job to look for it.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "I can't see squat, so it's your job to ____ for it.", "target_word": "look"}}
Got it. Follow the signs to open ocean.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gots", "goted", "goting"], "masked_text": "____ it. Follow the signs to open ocean.", "target_word": "Got"}}
I'm just gonna repeat it, okay? That should work.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "I'm just ____na repeat it, okay? That should work.", "target_word": "gon"}}
Follow the signs to open ocean. Follow the signs to open ocean.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["following", "followed", "follows"], "masked_text": "____ the signs to open ocean. Follow the signs to open ocean.", "target_word": "Follow"}}
Mm. Go right! Follow the signs to open ocean.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["following", "followed", "follows"], "masked_text": "Mm. Go right! ____ the signs to open ocean.", "target_word": "Follow"}}
Follow the signs to open ocean. Follow the signs to open ocean. Left!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["following", "followed", "follows"], "masked_text": "____ the signs to open ocean. Follow the signs to open ocean. Left!", "target_word": "Follow"}}
- Follow the signs to open ocean. - And steer clear of people, will you?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["following", "followed", "follows"], "masked_text": "- ____ the signs to open ocean. - And steer clear of people, will you?", "target_word": "Follow"}}
Especially kids. I don't want to be touched.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "Especially kids. I don't ____ to be touched.", "target_word": "want"}}
Shh! Do not mess me up!
Thành phố Gotham.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["messed", "messing", "messs"], "masked_text": "Shh! Do not ____ me up!", "target_word": "mess"}}
Oh, poor baby. Let me get that for you. Here you... oh!
Luôn luôn làm ta mỉm cười.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leted", "lets", "leting"], "masked_text": "Oh, poor baby. ____ me get that for you. Here you... oh!", "target_word": "Let"}}
Oh my.
Where do we go? Where do we go?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "doing", "doed"], "masked_text": "Where ____ we go? Where do we go?", "target_word": "do"}}
Oh, sorry! Okay, I was looking, looking...
"Quái vật có cánh...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["look", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "Oh, sorry! Okay, I was ____, looking...", "target_word": "looking"}}
Roo-roo, Becky! Drop us anywhere. We're okay.
"...khủng bố..."
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["droped", "droping", "drops"], "masked_text": "Roo-roo, Becky! ____ us anywhere. We're okay.", "target_word": "Drop"}}
Just wait, Dad. I think she's looking for a place to land.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "Just ____, Dad. I think she's looking for a place to land.", "target_word": "wait"}}
She's confused, Nemo. She doesn't even know which way to look.
Đợi đến khi chúng biết ta đi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "She's confused, Nemo. She doesn't even ____ which way to look.", "target_word": "know"}}
Wait, Becky. What are you doing? Ooo-roo. Ooo-roo-roo-roo-roo.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "____, Becky. What are you doing? Ooo-roo. Ooo-roo-roo-roo-roo.", "target_word": "Wait"}}
Okay. I was going somewhere. The question is where.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "Okay. I was ____ somewhere. The question is where.", "target_word": "going"}}
Which way? Do you see the sign?
Em có ý tưởng này. Dùng bữa trưa ở chỗ em nhé? Em sẽ cho anh xem vài bức ảnh.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "doing", "doed"], "masked_text": "Which way? ____ you see the sign?", "target_word": "Do"}}
I'm looking. I'm looking. Something to something gets me to my family!
Được thôi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["look", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "I'm ____. I'm looking. Something to something gets me to my family!", "target_word": "looking"}}
"The world's most powerful pair of... "
À, đợi đã. Không, không được.
[METADATA]
I know that. Why do I know that? It's another memory.
Cũng được, vậy thì muộn hơn chút được không.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "I ____ that. Why do I know that? It's another memory.", "target_word": "know"}}
Hank, we need to go that way! Left. Go left.
Cũng không được. Hôm nay anh có 1 cuộc họp rất quan trọng.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["needs", "needing", "needed"], "masked_text": "Hank, we ____ to go that way! Left. Go left.", "target_word": "need"}}
Becky! Ooo-roo. Ooo-roo.
Sao thế?
[METADATA]
She can't hear you, Dad.
Chả sao cả.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hears", "hearing", "heared"], "masked_text": "She can't ____ you, Dad.", "target_word": "hear"}}
All right. New plan. We have to get closer to Becky so she can hear us.
Anh phải rời thành phố ít ngày.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hears", "hearing", "heared"], "masked_text": "All right. New plan. We have to get closer to Becky so she can ____ us.", "target_word": "hear"}}
I don't think we should move the pail.
Được rồi, vậy đợi anh về vậy. Em phải đi đây. Muộn mất rồi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "I don't ____ we should move the pail.", "target_word": "think"}}
Nemo. Without me Becky's lost.
[METADATA]
Dad, just trust her.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["trusted", "trusting", "trusts"], "masked_text": "Dad, just ____ her.", "target_word": "trust"}}
Trust her? So she can forget us all together?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["trusted", "trusting", "trusts"], "masked_text": "____ her? So she can forget us all together?", "target_word": "Trust"}}
- I trust Becky. - You trust her? Becky's eating a cup!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["trusted", "trusting", "trusts"], "masked_text": "- I ____ Becky. - You trust her? Becky's eating a cup!", "target_word": "trust"}}
Becky! Becky! Ooo-roo! Whoa!
- Thật vui được gặp lại cô. - Cháu cũng vậy.
[METADATA]
Well, at least we're not stuck in the bucket anymore.
Cháu sẽ nói chuyện với 2 người khi 2 người trở về. Trở về? cô Vale, Chúng tôi sẽ còn ở đây lâu mà.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stick", "sticked", "sticking"], "masked_text": "Well, at least we're not ____ in the bucket anymore.", "target_word": "stuck"}}
Or on top of quarantine.
[METADATA]
The baby otter talk is beginning now.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["begining", "begined", "begins"], "masked_text": "The baby otter talk is ____ now.", "target_word": "beginning"}}
Why, thanks, Sigourney Weaver. Hey, who wants to learn about otters?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["want", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "Why, thanks, Sigourney Weaver. Hey, who ____ to learn about otters?", "target_word": "wants"}}
Looking for the world's most powerful pair of glasses.
Em sẽ không tin được chuyện gì đã xảy ra với anh hôm nay đâu.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["look", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "____ for the world's most powerful pair of glasses.", "target_word": "Looking"}}
Otters!
- Welcome, it's a huge cuddle party! - Cuddle party! I'm in!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Welcome, it____ a huge cuddle party! - Cuddle party! I'm in!", "target_word": "'s"}}
Where are we? Are we close to open ocean?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["opened", "opening", "opens"], "masked_text": "Where are we? Are we close to ____ ocean?", "target_word": "open"}}
Yes. I think... well, I don't know. But I saw that other sign so...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "Yes. I ____... well, I don't know. But I saw that other sign so...", "target_word": "think"}}
What? What other sign?
[METADATA]
The world's most powerful pair of glasses.
What? What are you talking about? Why would we follow that sign?
Vậy, các quý ông, cứ thế mà làm. Cho đến khi Grissom... xuất hiện lại...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["talk", "talks", "talked"], "masked_text": "What? What are you ____ about? Why would we follow that sign?", "target_word": "talking"}}
Well, because I remembered it.
….Tôi quản lí ở đây.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remember"], "masked_text": "Well, because I ____ it.", "target_word": "remembered"}}
No, no, no. That wasn't the plan. Ow!
Và như tôi nói, kể từ lễ kỷ niệm năm nay của thành phố…
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "No, no, no. That ____n't the plan. Ow!", "target_word": "was"}}
All right, that's it! You have wasted my time!
... chúng ta sẽ nắm quyền ở thành phố này.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wastes", "wasteing", "wasteed"], "masked_text": "All right, that's it! You have ____ my time!", "target_word": "wasted"}}
- Wait. No. - That transport truck leaves at dawn...
Sao Grissom chưa nói chuyện này với chúng tôi bao giờ?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "- ____. No. - That transport truck leaves at dawn...", "target_word": "Wait"}}
And I'm not missing it, so give me your tag.
Ừ.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["miss", "misss", "missed"], "masked_text": "And I'm not ____ it, so give me your tag.", "target_word": "missing"}}
Wait. No, I remembered that sign.
Còn cái kiểu cười nhe răng ngu ngốc đó là sao?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "____. No, I remembered that sign.", "target_word": "Wait"}}
- So? - So I'm remembering more...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembered", "remember"], "masked_text": "- So? - So I'm ____ more...", "target_word": "remembering"}}
And more and I feel like my memory's getting better. I think we should...
Cuộc đời đối xử rất tốt với tôi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["feeling", "feels", "feeled"], "masked_text": "And more and I ____ like my memory's getting better. I think we should...", "target_word": "feel"}}
No! Your memory is not working. You can't remember anything.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["worked", "works", "work"], "masked_text": "No! Your memory is not ____. You can't remember anything.", "target_word": "working"}}
It's probably how you lost your family in the first place!
Nếu chúng tôi không đồng ý thì sao?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lose", "loseed", "loseing"], "masked_text": "It's probably how you ____ your family in the first place!", "target_word": "lost"}}
All right, look, let's just take it down a notch. Just give me the tag and...
Không ai muốn chiến tranh cả.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "All right, ____, let's just take it down a notch. Just give me the tag and...", "target_word": "look"}}
You know something, for a guy with three hearts you're not very nice.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "You ____ something, for a guy with three hearts you're not very nice.", "target_word": "know"}}
Three hearts? What are you talking about? I don't have three hearts.
Nếu chúng ta không làm việc được với nhau, chỉ cần bắt tay tạm biệt thôi, thế là xong.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["talk", "talks", "talked"], "masked_text": "Three hearts? What are you ____ about? I don't have three hearts.", "target_word": "talking"}}
- Yes, you do. - I don't!
[METADATA]
- You do! - Don't!
Vậy sao?
[METADATA]
- Do! - Stop saying that!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stoping", "stoped", "stops"], "masked_text": "- Do! - ____ saying that!", "target_word": "Stop"}}
Fun fact-the octopus has three hearts.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["funed", "funing", "funs"], "masked_text": "____ fact-the octopus has three hearts.", "target_word": "Fun"}}
Two pump blood to the gills while the third pumps...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["pumping", "pumps", "pumped"], "masked_text": "Two ____ blood to the gills while the third pumps...", "target_word": "pump"}}
- Blood throughout the body. - Wait!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "- Blood throughout the body. - ____!", "target_word": "Wait"}}
Kid zone
Bắt tay thân mật quá.
You know, someone with three hearts shouldn't be so mean.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "You ____, someone with three hearts shouldn't be so mean.", "target_word": "know"}}
And it's mean to say that I would lose someone I love!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["loseed", "loseing", "loses"], "masked_text": "And it's mean to say that I would ____ someone I love!", "target_word": "lose"}}
TOUCH POOL
I did not lose them! Hank?
Thành phố này tối nay sẽ nóng đây.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["loseed", "loseing", "loses"], "masked_text": "I did not ____ them! Hank?", "target_word": "lose"}}
Hank? Hank?
- Han-s. - No. Not hans. I'm looking for Hank.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["look", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "- Han-s. - No. Not hans. I'm ____ for Hank.", "target_word": "looking"}}
- Han-s. - Hank. With a "k." Hank.
[METADATA]
- Hands! - Hands? Oh, oh, oh, hands!
Hank! Hank?
My arm!
Hank!
Antoine chắc mặc nhiều áo nên hơi nóng.
Where are you? Hank! Oh! Can you please help me? I'm looking for...
Mày điên rôi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["helped", "helping", "helps"], "masked_text": "Where are you? Hank! Oh! Can you please ____ me? I'm looking for...", "target_word": "help"}}
Please help me. I've lost my friend frank. I'm sorry, not frank.
Các ông đã từng nghe về khả năng chữa lành vết thương của tiếng cười chưa?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["helped", "helping", "helps"], "masked_text": "Please ____ me. I've lost my friend frank. I'm sorry, not frank.", "target_word": "help"}}
You're in my space!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "You____ in my space!", "target_word": "'re"}}
He's an octopus. No, septo... Septopus. That's right.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["septoing", "septos", "septoed"], "masked_text": "He's an octopus. No, ____... Septopus. That's right.", "target_word": "septo"}}
He's a septopus. Septopus. Septopus. Septopus.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "He____ a septopus. Septopus. Septopus. Septopus.", "target_word": "'s"}}
One, two, three, four, five, six, s... Septopus! He's camouflaged!
- Giờ đi khỏi đây đi! - Đi đi! Đi mau lên! Các ông nghĩ cho kỹ đi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["camouflages", "camouflageing", "camouflageed"], "masked_text": "One, two, three, four, five, six, s... Septopus! He's ____!", "target_word": "camouflaged"}}
Hank. Come on, Hank! Let's get out of here.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "Hank. ____ on, Hank! Let's get out of here.", "target_word": "Come"}}
Dory, what are you doing?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Dory, what ____ you doing?", "target_word": "are"}}
Hank! What's the plan?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Hank! What____ the plan?", "target_word": "'s"}}
The plan is I'm gonna stay here forever.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 1, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "The plan is I'm ____na stay here forever.", "target_word": "gon"}}
Okay. Good plan.
[METADATA]
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Hank. I'm sorry. I can't remember right.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Hank. I'm sorry. I can't ____ right.", "target_word": "remember"}}
- Sweetie. Sweetie. - Oh, watch out, kelpcake.
Tới tòa soạn báo Globe, theo dõi tên phóng viên Knox đó. Mang theo máy quay phim của anh nhé.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["watched", "watching", "watchs"], "masked_text": "- Sweetie. Sweetie. - Oh, ____ out, kelpcake.", "target_word": "watch"}}
Oh, watch where you're going.
Xem hắn biết gì về gã Người dơi này.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["watched", "watching", "watchs"], "masked_text": "Oh, ____ where you're going.", "target_word": "watch"}}
I'm sorry, Daddy. I'm sorry I can't remember right.
À mà Bob...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "I'm sorry, Daddy. I'm sorry I can't ____ right.", "target_word": "remember"}}
Oh, sweetie. Sweetie, you don't need to be sorry.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["needs", "needing", "needed"], "masked_text": "Oh, sweetie. Sweetie, you don't ____ to be sorry.", "target_word": "need"}}
You know what you need to do? Just keep swimming.
...hãy nhớ rằng... anh...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "You ____ what you need to do? Just keep swimming.", "target_word": "know"}}
Yeah.
...là người tôi tin tưởng...
And I bet you can remember that because we're just...
nhất. Vâng, thưa ngài.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["beted", "bets", "beting"], "masked_text": "And I ____ you can remember that because we're just...", "target_word": "bet"}}
We're gonna sing a song about it.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "We're ____na sing a song about it.", "target_word": "gon"}}
Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming.
[METADATA]
Just keep swimming. Swimming, swimming
What do we do? We swim
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["swimed", "swims", "swiming"], "masked_text": "What do we do? We ____", "target_word": "swim"}}
Swim, swim, swim, we swim.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["swimed", "swims", "swiming"], "masked_text": "Swim, ____, swim, we swim.", "target_word": "swim"}}
- We swim, swim, swim - Just keep swimming
Các bạn của ông...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["swimed", "swims", "swiming"], "masked_text": "- We ____, swim, swim - Just keep swimming", "target_word": "swim"}}
My parents taught me that song! We sang it as a family.
...không tệ lắm. Có thể chúng ta...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["teachs", "teached", "teaching"], "masked_text": "My parents ____ me that song! We sang it as a family.", "target_word": "taught"}}
All this time I thought I made it up!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "All this time I ____ I made it up!", "target_word": "thought"}}
- What song? - Just keep swimming.
...sẽ cho họ thêm ít ngày để suy nghĩ cho kỹ.
[METADATA]
Hank, we've just got to keep swimming.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "Hank, we've just ____ to keep swimming.", "target_word": "got"}}
What? No way! Listen to me, it's too dangerous to move.
Không ư?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["listening", "listened", "listens"], "masked_text": "What? No way! ____ to me, it's too dangerous to move.", "target_word": "Listen"}}
No, you listen to me. I know you're scared, but you can't give up.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["listening", "listened", "listens"], "masked_text": "No, you ____ to me. I know you're scared, but you can't give up.", "target_word": "listen"}}
Follow me.
Xử chúng luôn sao?
Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming.
[METADATA]
My mom wrote this song for me.
Ngon đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["writeed", "write", "writes"], "masked_text": "My mom ____ this song for me.", "target_word": "wrote"}}
It's gonna get us out of here
Ông quả là 1 thằng xấu xa tồi tệ, Rotelli.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "It's ____na get us out of here", "target_word": "gon"}}
Sing with me, Hank. Come on.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["singing", "singed", "sings"], "masked_text": "____ with me, Hank. Come on.", "target_word": "Sing"}}
I'm coming, mommy. I'm coming, Daddy!
Ta mừng vì ông toi rồi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "come"], "masked_text": "I'm ____, mommy. I'm coming, Daddy!", "target_word": "coming"}}
- We're gonna be okay. - Stop!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "- We're ____na be okay. - Stop!", "target_word": "gon"}}
- Huh? - Turn back.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["turned", "turning", "turns"], "masked_text": "- Huh? - ____ back.", "target_word": "Turn"}}
Turn back!
You're headed right for poker's cove. Poker's cove.
Ta mừng vì ông toi rồi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["heads", "heading", "head"], "masked_text": "You're ____ right for poker's cove. Poker's cove.", "target_word": "headed"}}
- Poker's cove? - Incoming!
Ta mừng vì ông toi rồi.
[METADATA]
Stop it!
Oh, what is this?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Oh, what ____ this?", "target_word": "is"}}
Sorry.
Tôi cần cái đó đấy.
That's okay. Everybody does it. Nothing to be ashamed of.
Tôi đang mất sự tin tưởng vào cô. Tôi nghĩ chúng ta là 1 đội.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "That____ okay. Everybody does it. Nothing to be ashamed of.", "target_word": "'s"}}
Hank? Oh, Hank. There you are.
Đây là vấn đề cá nhân của anh à? Tôi chỉ muốn cô làm việc của mình. Tôi đang làm việc của mình.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Hank? Oh, Hank. There you ____.", "target_word": "are"}}
Wow. You got us out of there.
Và tôi đang bảo vệ cộng sự của tôi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "Wow. You ____ us out of there.", "target_word": "got"}}
Huh. I did.
Mấy hồ sơ này chả có gì cả. Gã này là ai?
[METADATA]
I got us out of there.
Ai cần biết chứ?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "I ____ us out of there.", "target_word": "got"}}
I mean, technically you also got us in there.
Quên Bruce Wayne đi. Tôi cần Người dơi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["meaned", "means", "meaning"], "masked_text": "I ____, technically you also got us in there.", "target_word": "mean"}}
But if you hadn't I'm not sure we would have gotten here.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "But if you hadn't I'm not sure we would have ____ here.", "target_word": "gotten"}}
Echolocation  the world's most powerful pair of glasses
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["echolocationed", "echolocationing", "echolocations"], "masked_text": "____ the world's most powerful pair of glasses", "target_word": "Echolocation"}}
Echolocation. Echolocation!
The world's most powerful pair of glasses. We found it!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "The world's most powerful pair of glasses. We ____ it!", "target_word": "found"}}
No, no, no. You found that.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "No, no, no. You ____ that.", "target_word": "found"}}
Welcome to the open ocean.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["welcomeing", "welcomes", "welcomeed"], "masked_text": "____ to the open ocean.", "target_word": "Welcome"}}
Home.
Ooo-roo. Ooo-roo, ooo-roo. Ooo-roo. Ooo-roo.
[METADATA]
Ooo-roo. Ooo-roo. Ooo-roo, ooo-roo!
Dad, stop. She's not coming back.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "come"], "masked_text": "Dad, stop. She's not ____ back.", "target_word": "coming"}}
She might. Ooo-roo, ooo-roo!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["mighting", "mights", "mighted"], "masked_text": "She ____. Ooo-roo, ooo-roo!", "target_word": "might"}}
Dad! You made her feel like she couldn't do it.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["feeling", "feels", "feeled"], "masked_text": "Dad! You made her ____ like she couldn't do it.", "target_word": "feel"}}
You're not talking about Becky, are you?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["talk", "talks", "talked"], "masked_text": "You're not ____ about Becky, are you?", "target_word": "talking"}}
I miss Dory.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["missing", "misss", "missed"], "masked_text": "I ____ Dory.", "target_word": "miss"}}
Me too.
The truth is, I'm just so worried about her.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "The truth ____, I'm just so worried about her.", "target_word": "is"}}
She's the one who should be worried about us.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 1, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "She____ the one who should be worried about us.", "target_word": "'s"}}
Well, she would definitely have an idea of what to do if she were here.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["woulded", "woulding", "woulds"], "masked_text": "Well, she ____ definitely have an idea of what to do if she were here.", "target_word": "would"}}
I don't know how she does that.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "I don't ____ how she does that.", "target_word": "know"}}
I don't think she knows, Dad. She just does.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "I don't ____ she knows, Dad. She just does.", "target_word": "think"}}
Well, then we'll just have to think.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "Well, then we'll just have to ____.", "target_word": "think"}}
- What would Dory do? - What would Dory do?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dorying", "dorys", "doryed"], "masked_text": "- What would ____ do? - What would Dory do?", "target_word": "Dory"}}
Yeah! What would Dory do?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["woulded", "woulding", "woulds"], "masked_text": "Yeah! What ____ Dory do?", "target_word": "would"}}
She would assess her situation, and then she'd evaluate...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["assesss", "assessed", "assessing"], "masked_text": "She would ____ her situation, and then she'd evaluate...", "target_word": "assess"}}
Then she would analyze her options...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["analyzeed", "analyzeing", "analyzes"], "masked_text": "Then she would ____ her options...", "target_word": "analyze"}}
Dad, that's "What would Marlin do."
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Dad, that____ \"What would Marlin do.\"", "target_word": "'s"}}
Right, that's what I would do. She wouldn't even think twice.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "Right, that's what I would do. She wouldn't even ____ twice.", "target_word": "think"}}
She would just look at the first thing she sees and...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "She would just ____ at the first thing she sees and...", "target_word": "look"}}
Dory would do it.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["woulded", "woulding", "woulds"], "masked_text": "Dory ____ do it.", "target_word": "would"}}
Nemo, hold on to me. Whoa!
Họ sẽ ra ngay thôi. Tôi nóng lòng nghe lời giải thích của bọn họ.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["holding", "holded", "holds"], "masked_text": "Nemo, ____ on to me. Whoa!", "target_word": "hold"}}
Hey, it's working! Whoa!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["worked", "works", "work"], "masked_text": "Hey, it's ____! Whoa!", "target_word": "working"}}
Just keep gasping.
Bản khai của ông thế nào? Grissom chuyển cho ông tất cả công việc kinh doanh? Mr. Grissom đã nhờ, giúp ông ấy... ...quản lý công việc kinh doanh cho đến khi ông ấy trở lại.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gasp", "gasps", "gasped"], "masked_text": "Just keep ____.", "target_word": "gasping"}}
- Are you okay? - Yeah! What would Dory do now?
Giúp đỡ. 2 ông chắc hẳn thân thiết lắm.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- ____ you okay? - Yeah! What would Dory do now?", "target_word": "Are"}}
Who's Dory?
2 ông có lớn lên bên nhau không?
Oh boy. Are we happy to see you.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Oh boy. ____ we happy to see you.", "target_word": "Are"}}
Happy to see me? I'm happy to see you!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Happy to see me? I____ happy to see you!", "target_word": "'m"}}
I haven't had anyone to talk to in years.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["talks", "talked", "talking"], "masked_text": "I haven't had anyone to ____ to in years.", "target_word": "talk"}}
Years? Wow.
Unfortunately we can't stay long. We have to go because...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stays", "stayed", "staying"], "masked_text": "Unfortunately we can't ____ long. We have to go because...", "target_word": "stay"}}
Now why would you want to go? You just landed.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "Now why would you ____ to go? You just landed.", "target_word": "want"}}
Stay a while. Tell me all about yourself.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stays", "stayed", "staying"], "masked_text": "____ a while. Tell me all about yourself.", "target_word": "Stay"}}
I would love to, but my son and I have to get to quarantine, so...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["loves", "loveed", "loveing"], "masked_text": "I would ____ to, but my son and I have to get to quarantine, so...", "target_word": "love"}}
- Wonderful thing to have a son. - Yeah it is.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Wonderful thing to have a son. - Yeah it ____.", "target_word": "is"}}
Of course I don't have a family. I dated a nice scallop for a while.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dateing", "date", "dates"], "masked_text": "Of course I don't have a family. I ____ a nice scallop for a while.", "target_word": "dated"}}
- That's fascinating, but... - But scallops have eyes.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- That____ fascinating, but... - But scallops have eyes.", "target_word": "'s"}}
And she was looking for something different. I'm kidding!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["look", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "And she was ____ for something different. I'm kidding!", "target_word": "looking"}}
Well, not about scallops having eyes. They do.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["have", "haves", "haveed"], "masked_text": "Well, not about scallops ____ eyes. They do.", "target_word": "having"}}
And they see into your soul and they break your heart.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["breaks", "breaked", "breaking"], "masked_text": "And they see into your soul and they ____ your heart.", "target_word": "break"}}
Oh, Shelley! Why? Why?
[METADATA]
Now what would Dory do?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["woulded", "woulding", "woulds"], "masked_text": "Now what ____ Dory do?", "target_word": "would"}}
Come with us as we explore the mysterious world of the open ocean.
Các kế toán của chúng tôi đã kiểm tra nó. Bản kê khai là hợp pháp.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "____ with us as we explore the mysterious world of the open ocean.", "target_word": "Come"}}
- Okay, Hank, follow me. - You're in a cup.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["following", "followed", "follows"], "masked_text": "- Okay, Hank, ____ me. - You're in a cup.", "target_word": "follow"}}
Right. I'll follow you then.
Tôi ngửi thấy mùi mực mới. Ông chắc có thể chứng minh chuyện này chứ? Tất nhiên là ông có thể rồi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["following", "followed", "follows"], "masked_text": "Right. I'll ____ you then.", "target_word": "follow"}}
- Wait. - An octopus has three hearts.
Chúng tôi có nhân chứng. Chữ ký của Grissom là hợp pháp. Nó hợp lệ đấy. Tôi đã thấy. Tôi đã ở đó. Tôi đã thấy mọi chuyện.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "- ____. - An octopus has three hearts.", "target_word": "Wait"}}
Huh. That's a fun fact.
Ông ta cầm bàn tay người đã chết... ...và ký bằng chính máu của ông ấy. Và ông ta làm thế... với cây bút này.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Huh. That____ a fun fact.", "target_word": "'s"}}
- We're here. This is really happening. - Shh!
Chào, Vinnie. Chú Bingo của mày đây. Đến lúc phải trả giá rồi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["happened", "happens", "happen"], "masked_text": "- We're here. This is really ____. - Shh!", "target_word": "happening"}}
Well, looks like this is it, kid. Now I got a truck to catch.
Cây bút... ...thực sự mạnh hơn thanh kiếm.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "look", "looked"], "masked_text": "Well, ____ like this is it, kid. Now I got a truck to catch.", "target_word": "looks"}}
Wait! Wait! I had something for you.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "____! Wait! I had something for you.", "target_word": "Wait"}}
- Tag. - The tag. Right!
[METADATA]
You know, I think I'm gonna remember you.
Nằm xuống!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "You ____, I think I'm gonna remember you.", "target_word": "know"}}
Oh, you'll forget me in a heartbeat, kid.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forgeting", "forgets"], "masked_text": "Oh, you'll ____ me in a heartbeat, kid.", "target_word": "forget"}}
Three heartbeats.
I'll have a hard time forgetting you though.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forget", "forgeting"], "masked_text": "I'll have a hard time ____ you though.", "target_word": "forgetting"}}
My parents are actually down there.
Cuộc chiến giữa các băng đảng này liệu có làm hỏng lễ kỷ niệm 200 năm thành phố?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "My p____nts are actually down there.", "target_word": "are"}}
You okay?
Lễ kỷ niệm vẫn sẽ được tổ chức. Cảnh sát sẽ ngăn chặn bọn tội phạm này.
I'm ready.
Còn giả thuyết về việc Người dơi là 1 tay sai của bọn chúng thì sao?
Yeah, I think you are.
Tôi không có bình luận gì.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "Yeah, I ____ you are.", "target_word": "think"}}
Wow!
Người dơi Người dơi
Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Okay. Okay.
Ai có thể nói cho ta biết thế giới kiểu gì mà... ...1 gã ăn mặc như 1 con dơi lại...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Where ____ they? Where are they? Where are they? Okay. Okay.", "target_word": "are"}}
Pardon me. Oh. Hi. Hello. Have you seen a mom and a dad without me?
...thu hút hết cả giới truyền thông? Thành phố này cần phải thay đổi suy nghĩ!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["pardoning", "pardoned", "pardons"], "masked_text": "____ me. Oh. Hi. Hello. Have you seen a mom and a dad without me?", "target_word": "Pardon"}}
Excuse me. Have you seen a couple? They're old like you.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["excuseing", "excuses", "excuseed"], "masked_text": "____ me. Have you seen a couple? They're old like you.", "target_word": "Excuse"}}
Not old like you, but older than you even. Okay. Bye.
[METADATA]
Hi. Do you know anyone who lost a kid a long time ago that would be me?
Cho cháu 1 cốc... nước? Bác mừng vì cháu đã về nhà.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Hi. Do you ____ anyone who lost a kid a long time ago that would be me?", "target_word": "know"}}
I don't know how long ago exact... Okay. You're in a hurry.
Cô Vale đã gọi điện. Cô ấy có vẻ lo lắng.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "I don't ____ how long ago exact... Okay. You're in a hurry.", "target_word": "know"}}
- Ho, ho! Watch where you're going. - Oh sorry.
Bác có cảm giác có 1 áp lực khi cô ấy ở đây.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "- Ho, ho! Watch where you're ____. - Oh sorry.", "target_word": "going"}}
It's our goal that every animal we rescue and care for...
Alfred... ...sao bác không đi mà cưới cô ấy? Đó không hẳn là điều bác nghĩ đến, cậu chủ à.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["rescueed", "rescues", "rescueing"], "masked_text": "It's our goal that every animal we ____ and care for...", "target_word": "rescue"}}
Will eventually return home to where they belong.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["returned", "returns", "returning"], "masked_text": "Will eventually ____ home to where they belong.", "target_word": "return"}}
Shells.
Cháu không thể tiếp tục chuyện đó ngay bây giờ được.
And there we go. Now, if you ever get lost, Dory...
Nếu không phải bây giờ...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lose", "loseed", "loseing"], "masked_text": "And there we go. Now, if you ever get ____, Dory...", "target_word": "lost"}}
You just follow the shells.
...vậy thì bao giờ?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["following", "followed", "follows"], "masked_text": "You just ____ the shells.", "target_word": "follow"}}
Hey, look! Shells!
Cháu không biết.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "Hey, ____! Shells!", "target_word": "look"}}
Follow the shells.
Jack Napier vẫn còn sống. Hắn đang điều hành người của Grisssom. Cháu cần thông tin về hắn.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["following", "followed", "follows"], "masked_text": "____ the shells.", "target_word": "Follow"}}
- Hey, I live there. - Yes, yes indeed.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["liveing", "liveed", "lives"], "masked_text": "- Hey, I ____ there. - Yes, yes indeed.", "target_word": "live"}}
My home. That's my home!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "My home. That____ my home!", "target_word": "'s"}}
Mom! Dad!
Cô ấy rất tuyệt phải không?
Okay, kelpcake. Now count to ten.
Phải.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["counting", "counts", "counted"], "masked_text": "Okay, kelpcake. Now ____ to ten.", "target_word": "count"}}
One, two, three...
[METADATA]
Four...
You're welcome.
Who are you talking to, kelpcake?
Knox.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["talk", "talks", "talked"], "masked_text": "Who are you ____ to, kelpcake?", "target_word": "talking"}}
My pipe pal, destiny!
Kiểm tra cái này cho tôi.
[METADATA]
Mom? Dad?
Tìm xem đã có chuyện gì đặc biệt xảy ra ở ngõ giữa đường Pearl và Phillips. Pearl và Phillips? Được rồi.
Mommy loves purple shells.
Wayne.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["love", "loveed", "loveing"], "masked_text": "Mommy ____ purple shells.", "target_word": "loves"}}
- Mommy? - What's going to happen to her?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "- Mommy? - What's ____ to happen to her?", "target_word": "going"}}
There, there, Jenny.
[METADATA]
Oh no, don't cry, Mommy. Don't cry.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["cryed", "crying", "crys"], "masked_text": "Oh no, don't ____, Mommy. Don't cry.", "target_word": "cry"}}
Do you think she's... that she can make it on her own, Charlie?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "Do you ____ she's... that she can make it on her own, Charlie?", "target_word": "think"}}
Oh, honey. It'll be okay.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["willing", "wills", "willed"], "masked_text": "Oh, honey. It____ be okay.", "target_word": "'ll"}}
Mommy loves purple shells.
Quá nhiều việc phải làm mà có quá ít thời gian. Những bức ảnh.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["love", "loveed", "loveing"], "masked_text": "Mommy ____ purple shells.", "target_word": "loves"}}
- Dory! - Dory?
Thằng nào thế này? Knox. Cà vạt xấu. Chả có phong cách gì cả.
[METADATA]
- Dory! - Mommy?
Ối giời ơi!
[METADATA]
- Dory! - Mommy! Daddy!
- Ai đây? - Vicki Vale. Nhiếp ảnh gia làm việc với Knox.
[METADATA]
My parents...
Có phong cách đấy.
I... I lost them.
Chúa ơi! 1 sinh vật đáng yêu như thế chạy quanh... ...sẽ khiến khối người theo đuổi đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lose", "loseed", "loseing"], "masked_text": "I... I ____ them.", "target_word": "lost"}}
It was my fault.
Cô ta đang hẹn hò với 1 gã tên Wayne. Cô ấy sắp thay đổi rồi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "It ____ my fault.", "target_word": "was"}}
- Where's your tag? - Huh?
Thật khó để giữ giới hạn.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Where____ your tag? - Huh?", "target_word": "'s"}}
Your tag. It's missing. That why you're not in quarantine?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Your tag. It____ missing. That why you're not in quarantine?", "target_word": "'s"}}
- Quarantine? - Yeah!
Ta sắp...
[METADATA]
That's where they took all the blue tangs. Isn't that right, bill?
...có 1 cô gái mới.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["takeing", "takes", "takeed"], "masked_text": "That's where they ____ all the blue tangs. Isn't that right, bill?", "target_word": "took"}}
Yep. The blue tangs are getting their own exhibit in Cleveland.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "Yep. The blue tangs are ____ their own exhibit in Cleveland.", "target_word": "getting"}}
Being shipped out on a truck at the crack of dawn. Must be nice.
Sắp có việc để làm đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["shiping", "ship", "shiped"], "masked_text": "Being ____ out on a truck at the crack of dawn. Must be nice.", "target_word": "shipped"}}
What? No! No, my parents are back in quarantine?
Danh bạ điện thoại.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "What? No! No, my p____nts are back in quarantine?", "target_word": "are"}}
They're being shipped to Cleveland? But I just got here!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["shiping", "ship", "shiped"], "masked_text": "They're being ____ to Cleveland? But I just got here!", "target_word": "shipped"}}
I've got to get to them. They don't know I'm here.
Quá nhiều việc để làm...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "I've ____ to get to them. They don't know I'm here.", "target_word": "got"}}
Don't worry, it's easy to get to quarantine.
...mà thời gian chả có bao nhiêu.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["worrys", "worryed", "worrying"], "masked_text": "Don't ____, it's easy to get to quarantine.", "target_word": "worry"}}
You can just go through the pipes, honey.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "caning"], "masked_text": "You ____ just go through the pipes, honey.", "target_word": "can"}}
Oh. Oh I can't do that.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "can"], "masked_text": "Oh. Oh I ____n't do that.", "target_word": "ca"}}
- Why not? - I'll forget where I'm going.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forgeting", "forgets"], "masked_text": "- Why not? - I'll ____ where I'm going.", "target_word": "forget"}}
And I can't be somewhere where I have nobody to help me.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["helped", "helping", "helps"], "masked_text": "And I can't be somewhere where I have nobody to ____ me.", "target_word": "help"}}
- Well, then I guess you're stuck here. - You're not helping, Bill.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["guessed", "guessing", "guesss"], "masked_text": "- Well, then I ____ you're stuck here. - You're not helping, Bill.", "target_word": "guess"}}
Just go in there if you want to. You'll be fine.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "Just go in there if you ____ to. You'll be fine.", "target_word": "want"}}
Oh boy.
Could you tell me how to get there? Through the pipes?
Không phải ông đã vận chuyển cả triệu thứ như thế này rồi sao?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["tells", "telling", "telled"], "masked_text": "Could you ____ me how to get there? Through the pipes?", "target_word": "tell"}}
Sure, honey. It's two lefts and then a right. Simple.
Chuyển hết đi! Chúng ta sẽ mang nó đi theo 1 đường mới!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Sure, honey. It____ two lefts and then a right. Simple.", "target_word": "'s"}}
Okay.
10 giây nữa là lên hình.
Two lefts and a right. I can do this.
5... 4... 3... 2... 1.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "caning"], "masked_text": "Two lefts and a right. I ____ do this.", "target_word": "can"}}
Two lefts and a right. Okay. Don't forget.
Nhạc lên nào.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forgeting", "forgets"], "masked_text": "Two lefts and a right. Okay. Don't ____.", "target_word": "forget"}}
Two lefts and a right. Two lefts and a right.
Becky lên hình.
[METADATA]
Two lefts and a right. Two lefts and a right. Two lefts and a right.
Buổi tối tốt lành. Ngày hôm nay giới thời trang chấn động...
[METADATA]
Two lefts and a right? Shoot.
...bởi cái chết đột ngột của 2 người mẫu Candy Walker và Amanda Keeler.
[METADATA]
Left and a right. Wait. Did I already take a left?
Nguyên nhân cái chết là do phản ứng dị ứng mạnh...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "do", "doing"], "masked_text": "Left and a right. Wait. ____ I already take a left?", "target_word": "Did"}}
Oh no. It's happening. Okay, hold on. Hold on, hold on, hold on.
... dù các cơ quan chức năng vẫn chưa chỉ rõ ra khả năng nạn nhân đã dùng loại thuốc gì.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["happened", "happens", "happen"], "masked_text": "Oh no. It's ____. Okay, hold on. Hold on, hold on, hold on.", "target_word": "happening"}}
Which way? Where am I going? I can't remember. Okay.
Kế hoạch tiếp tục Lễ kỷ niệm 200 năm của thành phố...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "Which way? Where am I ____? I can't remember. Okay.", "target_word": "going"}}
Okay. I'm lost. It's too hard. I can't remember.
... mà thị trưởng Borg tuyên bố hôm nay, lễ khánh thành...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "Okay. I'm lost. It's too hard. I can't ____.", "target_word": "remember"}}
I'm forgetting everything.
Tin này mới.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forget", "forgeting"], "masked_text": "I'm ____ everything.", "target_word": "forgetting"}}
I'm gonna be stuck forever in the pipes. The pipes! The pipe pals.
3 cái chết bí ẩn ở 1 tiệm thẩm mỹ...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 1, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "I'm ____na be stuck forever in the pipes. The pipes! The pipe pals.", "target_word": "gon"}}
Pipe pals? Pipe pals!
[METADATA]
- And... Swim, swim, swim. - Yeah, I don't know about this.
... được phát hiện hôm nay.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["swimed", "swims", "swiming"], "masked_text": "- And... ____, swim, swim. - Yeah, I don't know about this.", "target_word": "Swim"}}
Trust me, I won't let you hit anything. Wall!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["trusted", "trusting", "trusts"], "masked_text": "____ me, I won't let you hit anything. Wall!", "target_word": "Trust"}}
What's the point? I'll never learn to get around!
Cái quái gì vậy?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["learned", "learning", "learns"], "masked_text": "What's the point? I'll never ____ to get around!", "target_word": "learn"}}
You better! If you can't do it in here you'll never do it out in the ocean.
Becky, thế này không được...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "can"], "masked_text": "You better! If you ____n't do it in here you'll never do it out in the ocean.", "target_word": "ca"}}
Now really focus, okay? Wall!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["focuss", "focusing", "focused"], "masked_text": "Now really ____, okay? Wall!", "target_word": "focus"}}
Destiny!
Tắt máy quay đi.
Dory? Hello?
I'm lost in the pipes and my parents are in quarantine!
Rene ở mục tin tức đây. Tôi cần nhân viên y tế lên đây ngay!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lose", "loseed", "loseing"], "masked_text": "I'm ____ in the pipes and my parents are in quarantine!", "target_word": "lost"}}
Hang on, Dory! Bailey! You've got to use your echolocation!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hanged", "hanging", "hangs"], "masked_text": "____ on, Dory! Bailey! You've got to use your echolocation!", "target_word": "Hang"}}
You know it's broken!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "You ____ it's broken!", "target_word": "know"}}
Just stop it, and try the "Ooh" thing Dory talked about, will you?
Sản phẩm mới và được cải tiến của Joker!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stoping", "stoped", "stops"], "masked_text": "Just ____ it, and try the \"Ooh\" thing Dory talked about, will you?", "target_word": "stop"}}
- But I don't think I can... - Don't bail on me, Bailey!
với 1 công thức bí mật mới.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "- But I don't ____ I can... - Don't bail on me, Bailey!", "target_word": "think"}}
Ooh!
Smylex! Cái quái gì vậy?
Ooh! Ooh!
Come on, Bailey. What did you just tell me, huh? Really focus!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "____ on, Bailey. What did you just tell me, huh? Really focus!", "target_word": "Come"}}
Ooh! I feel stupid.
Yêu Joker quá.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["feeling", "feels", "feeled"], "masked_text": "Ooh! I ____ stupid.", "target_word": "feel"}}
- Bailey. - Sorry. Ooh!
- Cái này ở đâu ra thế? - Không biết.
[METADATA]
- Hello? - Here! We're here!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Hello? - Here! We____ here!", "target_word": "'re"}}
- Guys... ooh! Guys... ooh! - What? What is it?
Ông ấy trông không vui cho lắm. Ông ấy đã sử dụng hàng của hãng X.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Guys... ooh! Guys... ooh! - What? What ____ it?", "target_word": "is"}}
I'm getting something! Ooh! Here we go! Ooh! Oh yes! Ooh!
Nhưng giờ với sản phẩm mới của Joker...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "I'm ____ something! Ooh! Here we go! Ooh! Oh yes! Ooh!", "target_word": "getting"}}
I can see the quarantine! This is amazing!
... Tôi lại có thể cười nhăn răng... ... nhiều lần nữa.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "caning"], "masked_text": "I ____ see the quarantine! This is amazing!", "target_word": "can"}}
Ooh! I can see everything! And I can see you!
Làn da rám nắng hấp dẫn đó...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "caning"], "masked_text": "Ooh! I ____ see everything! And I can see you!", "target_word": "can"}}
He can see you!
... những đôi môi đỏ hồng kia...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "caning"], "masked_text": "He ____ see you!", "target_word": "can"}}
My life's a rainbow! Can you see me? Right, it doesn't work that way.
... và màu tóc thật tự nhiên, chỉ có người phụ trách tang lễ là hiểu rõ nhất.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["worked", "works", "working"], "masked_text": "My life's a rainbow! Can you see me? Right, it doesn't ____ that way.", "target_word": "work"}}
- Bailey! - Okay! Tell Dory to go left!
Chắc các bạn đang tự hỏi:
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["tells", "telling", "telled"], "masked_text": "- Bailey! - Okay! ____ Dory to go left!", "target_word": "Tell"}}
He says go left!
"Mình có thể tìm đâu được hàng mới và xịn thế này nhỉ?"
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["say", "sayed", "saying"], "masked_text": "He ____ go left!", "target_word": "says"}}
Left?
- Ooh! Straight! - Straight!
Đùa thôi. Có khả năng là, bạn đã mua nó rồi ấy chứ!
[METADATA]
- Straight! - Ooh! Go right!
- Right! - Right!
Yêu Joker thế.
[METADATA]
Ooh! I'm light-headed! Ooh! Wait. Ooh!
Hãy nhớ... ... luôn luôn giữ bộ mặt vui vẻ.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["heads", "heading", "head"], "masked_text": "Ooh! I'm light-____! Ooh! Wait. Ooh!", "target_word": "headed"}}
I'm picking up something else. Hold on! Let me zoom out.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["pick", "picked", "picks"], "masked_text": "I'm ____ up something else. Hold on! Let me zoom out.", "target_word": "picking"}}
Holy Neptune, she's not alone! Ooh!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Holy Neptune, she____ not alone! Ooh!", "target_word": "'s"}}
- What is it? - I can't tell! But it's coming for her.
Các tài liệu cậu yêu cầu đây.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["tells", "telling", "telled"], "masked_text": "- What is it? - I can't ____! But it's coming for her.", "target_word": "tell"}}
Oh no! Dory, swim! Swim the other way!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["swimed", "swims", "swiming"], "masked_text": "Oh no! Dory, swim! ____ the other way!", "target_word": "Swim"}}
- What? Where? - What? Where?
[METADATA]
- Go right! - Right!
No, my right! Oh no! She's heading right towards it!
"Jack Napier, hành hung với vũ khí chết người, ở tuổi 15.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["heads", "headed", "head"], "masked_text": "No, my right! Oh no! She's ____ right towards it!", "target_word": "heading"}}
No! Dory, turn around!
"Kết quả kiểm tra tâm lý...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["turned", "turning", "turns"], "masked_text": "No! Dory, ____ around!", "target_word": "turn"}}
That's great, Dory! You're headed right toward us!
"... có khuynh hướng bạo lực, trí thông minh cao, cảm xúc không ổn định.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["heads", "heading", "head"], "masked_text": "That's great, Dory! You're ____ right toward us!", "target_word": "headed"}}
What? You want me to go right?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "What? You ____ me to go right?", "target_word": "want"}}
No! No! Not right. Oh, I can't look!
"Có năng khiếu khoa học, hóa học, và nghệ thuật."
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "No! No! Not right. Oh, I can't ____!", "target_word": "look"}}
- Dory! - Marlin?
Hóa học.
[METADATA]
- I knew it! You're okay! - Oh my gosh!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "know"], "masked_text": "- I ____ it! You're okay! - Oh my gosh!", "target_word": "knew"}}
It's consuming her! It's eating her alive!
Đi mua sắm chút nào.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["consumeing", "consume", "consumeed"], "masked_text": "It's ____ her! It's eating her alive!", "target_word": "consuming"}}
- You're okay! - You found me! How did you find me?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "- You're okay! - You ____ me! How did you find me?", "target_word": "found"}}
There was a crazy clam. He wouldn't stop talking.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stoping", "stoped", "stops"], "masked_text": "There was a crazy clam. He wouldn't ____ talking.", "target_word": "stop"}}
We just slowly backed away from him and into these pipes.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["backing", "back", "backs"], "masked_text": "We just slowly ____ away from him and into these pipes.", "target_word": "backed"}}
And then we just started looking.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["start", "starts", "starting"], "masked_text": "And then we just ____ looking.", "target_word": "started"}}
Dory! I'm sorry!
...6 cái chết, vẫn không biết vũ khí chết người của Joker là gì.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Dory! I____ sorry!", "target_word": "'m"}}
Okay, what was that?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Okay, what ____ that?", "target_word": "was"}}
Hang on. I got to take this.
Và loại hàng hóa nào?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hanged", "hanging", "hangs"], "masked_text": "____ on. I got to take this.", "target_word": "Hang"}}
It's okay! Sorry for what?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "It____ okay! Sorry for what?", "target_word": "'s"}}
What? You're okay?
Đồ ăn, rượu, hay mỹ phẩm và các sản phẩm vệ sinh?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "What? You____ okay?", "target_word": "'re"}}
- Yes! - I found Marlin and Nemo!
Nước hoa, nước súc miệng, lăn khử mùi?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "- Yes! - I ____ Marlin and Nemo!", "target_word": "found"}}
Dad! Did you hear that? Dory really does speak whale.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hears", "hearing", "heared"], "masked_text": "Dad! Did you ____ that? Dory really does speak whale.", "target_word": "hear"}}
I heard.
Hay tệ hơn, chả có loại sản phẩm nào cả.
It's bringing back some very bad memories so let's get out of here.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["brings", "bring", "bringed"], "masked_text": "It's ____ back some very bad memories so let's get out of here.", "target_word": "bringing"}}
I say we go this way. Follow me. It's time to head home!
Cuộc tìm kiếm vẫn tiếp tục trong cơn ác mộng của thị trường mua sắm Gotham.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["following", "followed", "follows"], "masked_text": "I say we go this way. ____ me. It's time to head home!", "target_word": "Follow"}}
Wait, wait, wait! My parents are here.
Chúng ta sắp có 1 lễ hội, thế mà tôi phải dùng súng để bắt mọi người đến đó.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "____, wait, wait! My parents are here.", "target_word": "Wait"}}
- They are? - You found your parents?
Anh không nghe lời nào tôi nói à? Lễ hội sẽ diễn ra!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "- They are? - You ____ your parents?", "target_word": "found"}}
Well, not exactly. No. I mean not yet, but I know where they are.
Hãy tìm xem thằng điên này đầu độc chúng ta bằng cái gì.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["meaned", "means", "meaning"], "masked_text": "Well, not exactly. No. I ____ not yet, but I know where they are.", "target_word": "mean"}}
I don't know exactly how to get there, but I know that... I'm getting help...
Hiểu chưa?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "I don't ____ exactly how to get there, but I know that... I'm getting help...", "target_word": "know"}}
- Down to quarantine. - Quarantine.
Chúng tôi đang làm thế đây. Tôi cần tất cả sự trợ giúp có thể.
[METADATA]
That's it! Oh, and I met this septopus, super cranky...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["meet", "meets", "meeted"], "masked_text": "That's it! Oh, and I ____ this septopus, super cranky...", "target_word": "met"}}
But secretly kind of sweet, and he got me into the exhibit... the exhibit.
Chào, Vicki đây. Em sẽ đến bảo tàng muộn khoảng 10 phút
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "But secretly kind of sweet, and he ____ me into the exhibit... the exhibit.", "target_word": "got"}}
Dory?
Hẹn gặp anh ở đó
Do you think my parents will want to see me?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "Do you ____ my parents will want to see me?", "target_word": "think"}}
What? Why wouldn't they want to see you?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "What? Why wouldn't they ____ to see you?", "target_word": "want"}}
Because... I lost them?
1 tin nhắn từ cô Vale. Cô ấy sẽ đến bảo tàng muộn.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lose", "loseed", "loseing"], "masked_text": "Because... I ____ them?", "target_word": "lost"}}
Dory, your parents are going to be overjoyed to see you.
Được rồi, cảm ơn bác. À đợi chút, Alfred.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "Dory, your parents are ____ to be overjoyed to see you.", "target_word": "going"}}
They're going to have missed... Everything about you.
Hôm nay cháu không gặp cô ấy được.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "They're ____ to have missed... Everything about you.", "target_word": "going"}}
- Really? - Do you know how we found you?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "- Really? - Do you ____ how we found you?", "target_word": "know"}}
- Something about a clam? Or... - No.
[METADATA]
- No, an oyster. - No.
- Mollusk? - No.
[METADATA]
- Something? - No.
- I don't... no? - No clam.
[METADATA]
We were having a very hard time until Nemo thought...
Jack, anh đi đâu đấy?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["have", "haves", "haveed"], "masked_text": "We were ____ a very hard time until Nemo thought...", "target_word": "having"}}
"What would Dory do?"
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dorying", "dorys", "doryed"], "masked_text": "\"What would ____ do?\"", "target_word": "Dory"}}
Why would you say that?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["woulded", "woulding", "woulds"], "masked_text": "Why ____ you say that?", "target_word": "would"}}
Because ever since I've met you, you've shown me how to do...
Anh đi tạo 1 vài tác phẩm nghệ thuật, em yêu.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["meet", "meets", "meeted"], "masked_text": "Because ever since I've ____ you, you've shown me how to do...", "target_word": "met"}}
Stuff I never dreamed of doing. Crazy things!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dreams", "dream", "dreaming"], "masked_text": "Stuff I never ____ of doing. Crazy things!", "target_word": "dreamed"}}
Outsmarting sharks and jumping jellyfish.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["outsmart", "outsmarted", "outsmarts"], "masked_text": "____ sharks and jumping jellyfish.", "target_word": "Outsmarting"}}
And finding my son. You made all that happen.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finded", "find"], "masked_text": "And ____ my son. You made all that happen.", "target_word": "finding"}}
Really? I didn't know you thought that. Unless I forgot.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Really? I didn't ____ you thought that. Unless I forgot.", "target_word": "know"}}
No, you didn't forget. I never told you.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forgeting", "forgets"], "masked_text": "No, you didn't ____. I never told you.", "target_word": "forget"}}
And I'm sorry about that.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "And I____ sorry about that.", "target_word": "'m"}}
But, Dory, because of who you are, you are about to find your parents.
Bàn của ông Wayne?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "But, Dory, because of who you are, you are about to ____ your parents.", "target_word": "find"}}
And when you do that, you'll be home.
Ông ấy vẫn chưa đến. Chúng tôi có bàn đang chờ đây.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["willing", "wills", "willed"], "masked_text": "And when you do that, you____ be home.", "target_word": "'ll"}}
Dad.
Does this mean we have to say goodbye to Dory?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["meaned", "means", "meaning"], "masked_text": "Does this ____ we have to say goodbye to Dory?", "target_word": "mean"}}
Yes, Nemo. We do.
Cô Vale, cái này vừa được gửi đến cho cô.
[METADATA]
Marine Life Institute
Hey, so how much more we got left to load?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leaveed", "leaveing", "leave"], "masked_text": "Hey, so how much more we got ____ to load?", "target_word": "left"}}
Just this last row.
[METADATA]
The sooner we finish, the sooner this truck gets to Cleveland.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finishs", "finishing", "finished"], "masked_text": "The sooner we ____, the sooner this truck gets to Cleveland.", "target_word": "finish"}}
- Watch the turn. - Watch what? Ow!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["watched", "watching", "watchs"], "masked_text": "- ____ the turn. - Watch what? Ow!", "target_word": "Watch"}}
- Too late. - Okay, I think we're close. Whee!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "- Too late. - Okay, I ____ we're close. Whee!", "target_word": "think"}}
Hi!
- Is this quarantine? - Yes! This is it! We're in quarantine!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- ____ this quarantine? - Yes! This is it! We're in quarantine!", "target_word": "Is"}}
My parents are here!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "My p____nts are here!", "target_word": "are"}}
Where are we going? Hey, what... No, why are we going towards the door?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "Where are we ____? Hey, what... No, why are we going towards the door?", "target_word": "going"}}
- We are all better! - I feel fantastic!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["feeling", "feels", "feeled"], "masked_text": "- We are all better! - I ____ fantastic!", "target_word": "feel"}}
Dude.
My family! Come on, let's go! Excuse me.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "My family! ____ on, let's go! Excuse me.", "target_word": "Come"}}
Dory, wait a minute!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "Dory, ____ a minute!", "target_word": "wait"}}
I'm coming, Mommy! I'm coming, Daddy!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "come"], "masked_text": "I'm ____, Mommy! I'm coming, Daddy!", "target_word": "coming"}}
Whoo-hoo! Almost home. Almost home. I'm almost home.
Các quý ông!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Whoo-hoo! Almost home. Almost home. I____ almost home.", "target_word": "'m"}}
I think I'm getting the hang of this! Oh!
Hãy mở rộng tâm hồn nào. Lawrence.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "I ____ I'm getting the hang of this! Oh!", "target_word": "think"}}
I hear footsteps.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["hears", "hearing", "heared"], "masked_text": "I ____ footsteps.", "target_word": "hear"}}
- Hank! - Quiet.
[METADATA]
Hank, we need to get in that tank. That rhymed.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["needs", "needing", "needed"], "masked_text": "Hank, we ____ to get in that tank. That rhymed.", "target_word": "need"}}
- Why? - Her parents are there!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Why? - Her p____nts are there!", "target_word": "are"}}
Look, you've got three minutes to get everyone in this cup with you...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "____, you've got three minutes to get everyone in this cup with you...", "target_word": "Look"}}
And then I'm on that truck to Cleveland, got it?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "And then I'm on that truck to Cleveland, ____ it?", "target_word": "got"}}
Got it.
Cạo râu cho ông ta.
Oh boy.
Terence, bút đâu.
Mom? Dad?
Mom? Dad? Hey, everybody. It's me, Dory!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Mom? Dad? Hey, everybody. It____ me, Dory!", "target_word": "'s"}}
Dory? Dory? Dory? Jenny and Charlie's Dory? Dory?
[METADATA]
Mom? Dad?
- She should just pick 2 and let's go. - Dad.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["picking", "picked", "picks"], "masked_text": "- She should just ____ 2 and let's go. - Dad.", "target_word": "pick"}}
What? I'm kidding. It's a reunion.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["kided", "kids", "kid"], "masked_text": "What? I'm ____. It's a reunion.", "target_word": "kidding"}}
Mom? Dad? Where are my parents?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Mom? Dad? Where ____ my parents?", "target_word": "are"}}
Dory? Are you really Jenny and Charlie's girl?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Dory? ____ you really Jenny and Charlie's girl?", "target_word": "Are"}}
Yes, I am! That's me! Where are they?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Yes, I ____! That's me! Where are they?", "target_word": "am"}}
Well, Dory, right after you disappeared, they thought you...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["disappear", "disappearing", "disappears"], "masked_text": "Well, Dory, right after you ____, they thought you...", "target_word": "disappeared"}}
Well, they thought you must have ended up here, in quarantine.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "Well, they ____ you must have ended up here, in quarantine.", "target_word": "thought"}}
- Uh-huh? - Come on, come on, come on.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "- Uh-huh? - ____ on, come on, come on.", "target_word": "Come"}}
And so they came here to look for you.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "come"], "masked_text": "And so they ____ here to look for you.", "target_word": "came"}}
They're here! Where are they?
Đồng 1 đô la này.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "They____ here! Where are they?", "target_word": "'re"}}
Dory, that was years ago.
Đừng!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Dory, that ____ years ago.", "target_word": "was"}}
- Huh? - They never came back.
Ta khá là thích bức này. Để nó đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "come"], "masked_text": "- Huh? - They never ____ back.", "target_word": "came"}}
Oh no.
You see, Dory, when fish don't come back from quarantine...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "You see, Dory, when fish don't ____ back from quarantine...", "target_word": "come"}}
It means they're not...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["mean", "meaned", "meaning"], "masked_text": "It ____ they're not...", "target_word": "means"}}
What?
Dory, they're gone.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "Dory, they're ____.", "target_word": "gone"}}
They're dead?
Giờ cô em có thể bỏ nó ra rồi.
- They wanted to find you... - Wait. Are you sure they're gone?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "want", "wanting"], "masked_text": "- They ____ to find you... - Wait. Are you sure they're gone?", "target_word": "wanted"}}
Dory, listen, it's going to be okay.
Cô thật đẹp... theo kiểu cổ điển.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "Dory, listen, it's ____ to be okay.", "target_word": "going"}}
Dory, they loved you so much.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["love", "loves", "loveed"], "masked_text": "Dory, they ____ you so much.", "target_word": "loved"}}
Anyone not looking to go to Cleveland, final warning!
Nhưng tôi chắc có thể khiến cô đẹp hơn... hôm nay.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["look", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "Anyone not ____ to go to Cleveland, final warning!", "target_word": "looking"}}
- Dory, are you all right? - Are you okay?
Tài liệu của cô à?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Dory, ____ you all right? - Are you okay?", "target_word": "are"}}
- I was too late. - Dory, no. No. Now listen.
Tôi định gặp 1 người sẽ xem tác phẩm của mình.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["listening", "listened", "listens"], "masked_text": "- I was too late. - Dory, no. No. Now ____.", "target_word": "listen"}}
- I don't have a family. - No, Dory. That's not true.
Rác rưởi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "doing", "doed"], "masked_text": "- I ____n't have a family. - No, Dory. That's not true.", "target_word": "do"}}
Time to go!
Rác rưởi. Rác rưởi.
[METADATA]
I'm all alone.
Rác rưởi. Rác rưởi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "I____ all alone.", "target_word": "'m"}}
- Dory. - Dory!
[METADATA]
Where's everybody else?
Thế này mới đẹp chứ.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Where____ everybody else?", "target_word": "'s"}}
Your orange friends are on their way to Cleveland. Ah!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Your orange friends ____ on their way to Cleveland. Ah!", "target_word": "are"}}
I found the octopus!
Những cái đầu lâu, những cái xác.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "I ____ the octopus!", "target_word": "found"}}
Where did he go?
cô làm nó tỏa sáng. tôi không biết đây có phải nghệ thuật không. Nhưng tôi thích đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "do", "doing"], "masked_text": "Where ____ he go?", "target_word": "did"}}
Mommy? Daddy?
Để tôi nói cho cô biết tôi đang nghĩ gì. Có 1 hôm tôi đang tắm... ...và tôi đột nhiên nhận ra tại sao mình lại có định mệnh phải làm những việc vĩ đại.
Help.
Cô biết mọi người luôn lo lắng thế nào về ngoại hình của họ đấy. Thế này mới hấp dẫn, thế kia thì không.
No. No. No. Help. Help. Help me.
Tôi đã bỏ tất cả lo lắng đó lại phía sau. Giờ tôi làm điều mà người khác chỉ mơ mới được.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["helped", "helping", "helps"], "masked_text": "No. No. No. ____. Help. Help me.", "target_word": "Help"}}
Help. Help me. Please. Somebody help me!
Tôi làm nên nghệ thuật... cho đến khi ai đó chết. Thấy không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["helped", "helping", "helps"], "masked_text": "____. Help me. Please. Somebody help me!", "target_word": "Help"}}
Hey, can... help me? Can you help me? I've lost them!
Tôi là nghệ sĩ giết người chuyên nghiệp đầu tiên trên thế giới.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["helped", "helping", "helps"], "masked_text": "Hey, can... ____ me? Can you help me? I've lost them!", "target_word": "help"}}
- Oh. Lost who? - I-I-I-I...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lose", "loseed", "loseing"], "masked_text": "- Oh. ____ who? - I-I-I-I...", "target_word": "Lost"}}
Ah, sorry, honey. I can't help you if you don't remember.
Ông muốn gì? Mặt mình trên đồng 1 đôla.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["helped", "helping", "helps"], "masked_text": "Ah, sorry, honey. I can't ____ you if you don't remember.", "target_word": "help"}}
Oh! Can you help me? I've lost... Them.
Ông đùa à.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["helped", "helping", "helps"], "masked_text": "Oh! Can you ____ me? I've lost... Them.", "target_word": "help"}}
Can you be more specific?
Trông tôi giống đang đùa không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "caning"], "masked_text": "____ you be more specific?", "target_word": "Can"}}
My... my... them! Them! Them!
Không. Nghe này.
[METADATA]
Help! Help!
Chúng ta không nên so sánh bản thân với những người bình thường. Chúng ta là những nghệ sĩ. Để ví dụ, tôi cho cô xem 1 tác phẩm anh vừa làm.
Please? They're gone!
Bob. Alicia. Cô sẽ chụp ảnh và ghi lại tác phẩm của tôi nhé. Cô và tôi sẽ là những người đi tiên phong cho nghành mỹ thuật mới này.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "Please? They're ____!", "target_word": "gone"}}
I've lost... I've lost everyone. There's nothing I can do.
Jack, anh nói em có thể xem anh cải thiện những bức tranh. Giờ anh đang gặp rắc rối. Sao cô ấy lại phải đeo mặt nạ? Cô ấy chỉ là bản nháp, thật đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lose", "loseed", "loseing"], "masked_text": "I've ____... I've lost everyone. There's nothing I can do.", "target_word": "lost"}}
Shoot, I can't forget. What was I forgetting? Something.
Alicia, ngồi xuống. Cho quý cô đây biết tại sao em phải đeo mặt nạ.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forgeting", "forgets"], "masked_text": "Shoot, I can't ____. What was I forgetting? Something.", "target_word": "forget"}}
Something important. What was it? I...
Alicia đã thấu hiểu tư tưởng mới của tôi. Và bây giờ, giống tôi...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Something important. What ____ it? I...", "target_word": "was"}}
What was it? It's going away.
...cô ấy là 1 tác phẩm nghệ thuật sống.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "What was it? It's ____ away.", "target_word": "going"}}
It's going away. It's going because all I can do is forget. I just forget.
Tôi không phải Picasso, nhưng... cô thích chứ?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "It's ____ away. It's going because all I can do is forget. I just forget.", "target_word": "going"}}
And I forget. That's what I do best. That's what I do.
Tuyệt lắm.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forgeting", "forgets"], "masked_text": "And I ____. That's what I do best. That's what I do.", "target_word": "forget"}}
What do I do? What do I do? What do I do? What do I do?
Vậy... tôi có thể làm gì cho ông? 1 bài hát nhẹ nhàng, 1 điệu nhảy nhẹ nhàng.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "doing", "doed"], "masked_text": "What ____ I do? What do I do? What do I do? What do I do?", "target_word": "do"}}
What would Dory do?
Đầu Người dơi cắm trên sàn. Cô biết gì về...?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["woulded", "woulding", "woulds"], "masked_text": "What ____ Dory do?", "target_word": "would"}}
I would look around.
Tôi không biết gì về Người dơi. Thật sao?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "I would ____ around.", "target_word": "look"}}
And there's just water over there. And a lot of kelp over here.
Ờ, thế còn 1 chút cho "anh và em" thì sao nhỉ?
[METADATA]
Kelp is better. Okay.
Ông điên rồi. Không, tôi thuộc cung Song ngư. Nào.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Kelp ____ better. Okay.", "target_word": "is"}}
Okay. Now what? Lots of kelp. It looks the same.
Trang điểm nào. Thử dùng chút... ...hương thơm từ bông hoa của tôi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "look", "looked"], "masked_text": "Okay. Now what? Lots of kelp. It ____ the same.", "target_word": "looks"}}
It all looks the same, except there's a rock... Over there.
Cứu tôi với!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "look", "looked"], "masked_text": "It all ____ the same, except there's a rock... Over there.", "target_word": "looks"}}
And some sand this way. I like sand. Sand is squishy.
Tôi đang tan chảy! Tôi đang chảy ra! Cứu tôi! Tôi đang tan chảy!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["likeed", "likeing", "likes"], "masked_text": "And some sand this way. I ____ sand. Sand is squishy.", "target_word": "like"}}
Oh this isn't going anywhere.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "Oh this isn't ____ anywhere.", "target_word": "going"}}
There's nothing here. Nothing but kelp. Lots of kelp.
Bám chặt vào.
[METADATA]
And some shells... This way.
I like shells.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["likeed", "likeing", "likes"], "masked_text": "I ____ shells.", "target_word": "like"}}
I like... shells.
Thằng này lấy đâu ra nhiều đồ chơi ngon thế nhỉ? - Vào xe đi. - Cái nào?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["likeed", "likeing", "likes"], "masked_text": "I ____... shells.", "target_word": "like"}}
Whoa.
Hello. I'm...
- Dory! - Dory! You're here.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Dory! - Dory! You____ here.", "target_word": "'re"}}
- Oh my baby! - You're really here.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Oh my baby! - You____ really here.", "target_word": "'re"}}
- Let me look at you. - You found us.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leted", "lets", "leting"], "masked_text": "- ____ me look at you. - You found us.", "target_word": "Let"}}
- I'm never letting you go again. - Oh my missing girl, you're here.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["let", "leted", "lets"], "masked_text": "- I'm never ____ you go again. - Oh my missing girl, you're here.", "target_word": "letting"}}
- My baby! - It's you.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- My baby! - It____ you.", "target_word": "'s"}}
- Yes! Oh absolutely! - It's really you! Mom, you're here.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Yes! Oh absolutely! - It____ really you! Mom, you're here.", "target_word": "'s"}}
- I am, I... - And Dad, so are you.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- I ____, I... - And Dad, so are you.", "target_word": "am"}}
Right here, kelpcake.
[METADATA]
I'm so sorry.
Đi thôi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "I____ so sorry.", "target_word": "'m"}}
Oh, honey. Oh, honey. No, no, no, Kelpcake.
[METADATA]
I know I've got a problem. I know I'm... And I'm so sorry.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "I ____ I've got a problem. I know I'm... And I'm so sorry.", "target_word": "know"}}
And all this time I've wanted to fix it and I can't and I try. I try.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["wants", "want", "wanting"], "masked_text": "And all this time I've ____ to fix it and I can't and I try. I try.", "target_word": "wanted"}}
But my thoughts... they leave my head and ideas change.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leaveed", "leaveing", "leaves"], "masked_text": "But my thoughts... they ____ my head and ideas change.", "target_word": "leave"}}
And I'd forgotten you and I'm so sorry.
Kích hoạt khiên.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forget", "forgeting"], "masked_text": "And I'd ____ you and I'm so sorry.", "target_word": "forgotten"}}
Dory. Don't you dare be sorry. Look what you did.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dareed", "dareing", "dares"], "masked_text": "Dory. Don't you ____ be sorry. Look what you did.", "target_word": "dare"}}
- What? - You found us!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "- What? - You ____ us!", "target_word": "found"}}
That's right. You found us.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "That's right. You ____ us.", "target_word": "found"}}
Honey, why do you think we stayed put here all these years?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 7, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "Honey, why do you ____ we stayed put here all these years?", "target_word": "think"}}
Because we believed one day you'd find us again.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["believeed", "believe", "believes"], "masked_text": "Because we ____ one day you'd find us again.", "target_word": "believed"}}
Exactly!
But I thought you were gone. How did you...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "But I ____ you were gone. How did you...", "target_word": "thought"}}
We went into quarantine to look for you, but you weren't there.
Cô nặng bao nhiêu? Khoảng 108 pounds, tôi nghĩ thế.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "We ____ into quarantine to look for you, but you weren't there.", "target_word": "went"}}
And we knew you must have gotten out through the pipes.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "know"], "masked_text": "And we ____ you must have gotten out through the pipes.", "target_word": "knew"}}
Through the pipes. That's right, sweetie. And so we did too.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Through the pipes. That____ right, sweetie. And so we did too.", "target_word": "'s"}}
And we've stayed in this spot for you ever since.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stays", "stay", "staying"], "masked_text": "And we've ____ in this spot for you ever since.", "target_word": "stayed"}}
- We thought you might come back. - We stayed and waited for you.
Bám chắc.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "- We ____ you might come back. - We stayed and waited for you.", "target_word": "thought"}}
So every day, we go out and lay out...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lieed", "lieing", "lie"], "masked_text": "So every day, we go out and ____ out...", "target_word": "lay"}}
Shells.
And you found us. Oh honey, you found us.
Cầm lấy cái ở thắt lưng tôi. Đừng thả ra nhé.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "And you ____ us. Oh honey, you found us.", "target_word": "found"}}
And you know why you found us? Because you remembered.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "And you ____ why you found us? Because you remembered.", "target_word": "know"}}
You remembered in your own, amazing, Dory way.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remember"], "masked_text": "You ____ in your own, amazing, Dory way.", "target_word": "remembered"}}
I did. All by myself.
Không có máu. Gã nào thế này?
[METADATA]
Oh, honey. Really? Have you been by yourself all these years?
Xem ví hắn xem. - Đợi đã. - Cái gì thế?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 11, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["haves", "haveed", "haveing"], "masked_text": "Oh, honey. Really? ____ you been by yourself all these years?", "target_word": "Have"}}
Oh, my poor little girl.
1 loại giáp toàn thân đặc biệt. Hắn cũng chỉ là người thường thôi.
[METADATA]
Oh, I haven't been all by myself... Marlin and Nemo!
Bỏ cái mặt nạ ra xem nào.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 11, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["haves", "haveed", "haveing"], "masked_text": "Oh, I ____n't been all by myself... Marlin and Nemo!", "target_word": "have"}}
- Nobody saw where Dory went? - No. Sorry. I didn't see anything.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["seeed", "sees", "seeing"], "masked_text": "- Nobody ____ where Dory went? - No. Sorry. I didn't see anything.", "target_word": "saw"}}
Seriously? That's a lot of eyeballs doing nothing.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Seriously? That____ a lot of eyeballs doing nothing.", "target_word": "'s"}}
Oh! Oh, excuse me. Can you help us?
Bắn cô ta!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["excuseing", "excuses", "excuseed"], "masked_text": "Oh! Oh, ____ me. Can you help us?", "target_word": "excuse"}}
- We're looking... - Me help you?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["look", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "- We're ____... - Me help you?", "target_word": "looking"}}
Dad, look! It's Dory.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "Dad, ____! It's Dory.", "target_word": "look"}}
Oh, thank goodness. See, Nemo, I knew she'd find a way... what?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "know"], "masked_text": "Oh, thank goodness. See, Nemo, I ____ she'd find a way... what?", "target_word": "knew"}}
Hey, where's Dory? Is she with you?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Hey, where____ Dory? Is she with you?", "target_word": "'s"}}
I'm sorry. I tried to hold on, but I couldn't and I lost her.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["trys", "try", "trying"], "masked_text": "I'm sorry. I ____ to hold on, but I couldn't and I lost her.", "target_word": "tried"}}
- What? - All right. Let's get going.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leted", "lets", "leting"], "masked_text": "- What? - All right. ____'s get going.", "target_word": "Let"}}
No!
And then the whale swallowed us even though I speak whale.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["swallows", "swallow", "swallowing"], "masked_text": "And then the whale ____ us even though I speak whale.", "target_word": "swallowed"}}
- A whale? - Good thing I wasn't there to see that.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- A whale? - Good thing I ____n't there to see that.", "target_word": "was"}}
Actually Marlin never believes I even know how to speak whale...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["believeed", "believe", "believeing"], "masked_text": "Actually Marlin never ____ I even know how to speak whale...", "target_word": "believes"}}
But you know what, he always kind of trusts me anyway.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "But you ____ what, he always kind of trusts me anyway.", "target_word": "know"}}
You know, I like this Marlin already.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "You ____, I like this Marlin already.", "target_word": "know"}}
Yeah. And then somehow we found Nemo. Or did he find me?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "Yeah. And then somehow we ____ Nemo. Or did he find me?", "target_word": "found"}}
I don't know. But, you know what, Nemo is the sweetest.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "I don't ____. But, you know what, Nemo is the sweetest.", "target_word": "know"}}
He just never gives up on me no matter what.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["giveing", "give", "giveed"], "masked_text": "He just never ____ up on me no matter what.", "target_word": "gives"}}
What would Dory do?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["woulded", "woulding", "woulds"], "masked_text": "What ____ Dory do?", "target_word": "would"}}
Well, we'll certainly have to thank Marlin and Nemo when we meet them.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thanked", "thanks", "thanking"], "masked_text": "Well, we'll certainly have to ____ Marlin and Nemo when we meet them.", "target_word": "thank"}}
Wait. Wait I know this place.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "____. Wait I know this place.", "target_word": "Wait"}}
Hello. I'm Sigourney Weaver.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Hello. I____ Sigourney Weaver.", "target_word": "'m"}}
- There! - Won't you please join us?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["joining", "joins", "joined"], "masked_text": "- There! - Won't you please ____ us?", "target_word": "join"}}
- That's the Marine Life Institute. - Oh, you were born there.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["beared", "bears", "bear"], "masked_text": "- That's the Marine Life Institute. - Oh, you were ____ there.", "target_word": "born"}}
Dory, is that where your friends are?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Dory, ____ that where your friends are?", "target_word": "is"}}
Yes! They were stuck in something. It was going somewhere.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stick", "sticked", "sticking"], "masked_text": "Yes! They were ____ in something. It was going somewhere.", "target_word": "stuck"}}
A truck. They're in the truck!
Mở lá chắn.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "A truck. They____ in the truck!", "target_word": "'re"}}
That means I could... Never see them again!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["mean", "meaned", "meaning"], "masked_text": "That ____ I could... Never see them again!", "target_word": "means"}}
No! No, no, no. What would Dory do?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["woulded", "woulding", "woulds"], "masked_text": "No! No, no, no. What ____ Dory do?", "target_word": "would"}}
I know they're good friends of yours, but a truck is kind of a tall order.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "I ____ they're good friends of yours, but a truck is kind of a tall order.", "target_word": "know"}}
Please! Please. All I know is that I miss them. I... I...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Please! Please. All I ____ is that I miss them. I... I...", "target_word": "know"}}
I really miss them. I've said that before.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["missing", "misss", "missed"], "masked_text": "I really ____ them. I've said that before.", "target_word": "miss"}}
Dory?
Mom, Marlin and Nemo are more than good friends, they're family.
Cô nặng hơn 108 đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Mom, Marlin and Nemo ____ more than good friends, they're family.", "target_word": "are"}}
And I have to get them back. See, when they found me it felt like fate.
- Thật sao? - Đi thôi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "And I have to get them back. See, when they ____ me it felt like fate.", "target_word": "found"}}
Do you know what I mean? Or... I don't... What's another word for fate?
Dừng lại.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Do you ____ what I mean? Or... I don't... What's another word for fate?", "target_word": "know"}}
Like destiny. Destiny? Destiny!
[METADATA]
- Dory? - Destiny!
- Morning, Dest... - Shh. It's Dory. Something's wrong.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Morning, Dest... - Shh. It____ Dory. Something's wrong.", "target_word": "'s"}}
Ooh. I got her. She's right outside the institute.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "Ooh. I ____ her. She's right outside the institute.", "target_word": "got"}}
- Destiny? - We got to jump.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "- Destiny? - We ____ to jump.", "target_word": "got"}}
- Jump? - No time to argue!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["argueing", "argueed", "argues"], "masked_text": "- Jump? - No time to ____!", "target_word": "argue"}}
Destiny!
Dory. Dory! The truck thing with your friends is leaving!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leaveed", "leaveing", "leave"], "masked_text": "Dory. Dory! The truck thing with your friends is ____!", "target_word": "leaving"}}
- No, no. Destiny. - Oh no! That's bad! What do we do?
Chúng ta đang đi đâu đây?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- No, no. Destiny. - Oh no! That____ bad! What do we do?", "target_word": "'s"}}
- All right. - Yes.
[METADATA]
- Here we go. One. Two. - Yes. Yes.
I can't! I can't do it! I'll never make it out there.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "can"], "masked_text": "I ____n't! I can't do it! I'll never make it out there.", "target_word": "ca"}}
Destiny! I've got the world's most powerful pair of glasses.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "Destiny! I've ____ the world's most powerful pair of glasses.", "target_word": "got"}}
You've got the world's most powerful pair of glasses.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "You've ____ the world's most powerful pair of glasses.", "target_word": "got"}}
I will be your eyes.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 1, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["willing", "wills", "willed"], "masked_text": "I ____ be your eyes.", "target_word": "will"}}
You can be my eyes. But the walls!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "caning"], "masked_text": "You ____ be my eyes. But the walls!", "target_word": "can"}}
There are no walls in the ocean!
[METADATA]
- No walls? - It's your destiny, Destiny.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- No walls? - It____ your destiny, Destiny.", "target_word": "'s"}}
Well, why didn't you say so?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "do", "doing"], "masked_text": "Well, why ____n't you say so?", "target_word": "did"}}
What? No! Destiny, wait! No, that's a wall! Wall!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "What? No! Destiny, ____! No, that's a wall! Wall!", "target_word": "wait"}}
Mom, Dad, this is my pipe pal. Destiny, say hi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Mom, Dad, th____ is my pipe pal. Destiny, say hi.", "target_word": "is"}}
Dory! Are these little blue blobs your parents?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Dory! ____ these little blue blobs your parents?", "target_word": "Are"}}
They look just like you!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "They ____ just like you!", "target_word": "look"}}
Hello. I'm Bailey. Mrs. Dory, Mr. Dory.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Hello. I____ Bailey. Mrs. Dory, Mr. Dory.", "target_word": "'m"}}
- Oh please, call me Jenny. - Oh and I'm Charlie.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Oh please, call me Jenny. - Oh and I____ Charlie.", "target_word": "'m"}}
Okay. Okay. We got to go. We got to stop that truck.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "Okay. Okay. We ____ to go. We got to stop that truck.", "target_word": "got"}}
Okay, what truck?
[METADATA]
Bailey, status report.
Oh, yes, my beautiful gift. Ooh.
[METADATA]
Found it! The truck's merging onto the freeway
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "____ it! The truck's merging onto the freeway", "target_word": "Found"}}
and it's heading south. Ooh.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["heads", "headed", "head"], "masked_text": "and it's ____ south. Ooh.", "target_word": "heading"}}
Let's go. We are stopping that truck.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leted", "lets", "leting"], "masked_text": "____'s go. We are stopping that truck.", "target_word": "Let"}}
- This I've got to see. - Yeah, yeah, me too!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "- This I've ____ to see. - Yeah, yeah, me too!", "target_word": "got"}}
Oh boy, this is gonna be good!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "Oh boy, this is ____na be good!", "target_word": "gon"}}
What the... Gerald! Have you lost your marbles?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lose", "loseed", "loseing"], "masked_text": "What the... Gerald! Have you ____ your marbles?", "target_word": "lost"}}
- Don't get used to it, Gerald! - Cheeky joke.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "doing", "doed"], "masked_text": "- ____n't get used to it, Gerald! - Cheeky joke.", "target_word": "Do"}}
Bailey, I forgot everything. Catch me up.
Cẩn thận.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forget", "forgeting"], "masked_text": "Bailey, I ____ everything. Catch me up.", "target_word": "forgot"}}
Yes, ma'am. Ooh. Your friends are still on the truck.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Yes, ma'am. Ooh. Your friends ____ still on the truck.", "target_word": "are"}}
Ooh. They're headed north towards the bridge. Ooh.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["heads", "heading", "head"], "masked_text": "Ooh. They're ____ north towards the bridge. Ooh.", "target_word": "headed"}}
Oh, look, there's a bunch of cute otters over there. I want one! Ow!
Dơi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "Oh, ____, there's a bunch of cute otters over there. I want one! Ow!", "target_word": "look"}}
Ow, Bailey!
Chúng là những kẻ rất biết cách sinh tồn.
Oh! I see the truck. It's over there.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Oh! I see the truck. It____ over there.", "target_word": "'s"}}
- Okay, what would Dory do? - I don't see how we can get on it.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["woulded", "woulding", "woulds"], "masked_text": "- Okay, what ____ Dory do? - I don't see how we can get on it.", "target_word": "would"}}
Oh, man, if only there was a way to stop traffic.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 7, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stoping", "stoped", "stops"], "masked_text": "Oh, man, if only there was a way to ____ traffic.", "target_word": "stop"}}
Stop traffic. Stop traffic! Everyone needs to stop.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stoping", "stoped", "stops"], "masked_text": "____ traffic. Stop traffic! Everyone needs to stop.", "target_word": "Stop"}}
People stop to look at things. Things that they like. Things that are cute.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stoping", "stoped", "stops"], "masked_text": "People ____ to look at things. Things that they like. Things that are cute.", "target_word": "stop"}}
Things that are cute! Okay, I got it.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "Things that are cute! Okay, I ____ it.", "target_word": "got"}}
- What? What is it? - Quickly before I forget.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forgeted", "forgeting", "forgets"], "masked_text": "- What? What is it? - Quickly before I ____.", "target_word": "forget"}}
Destiny, when the truck reaches the bridge you flip me up there.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["reached", "reachs", "reach"], "masked_text": "Destiny, when the truck ____ the bridge you flip me up there.", "target_word": "reaches"}}
Got it.
You guys, follow me. Everyone else, stay here.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["following", "followed", "follows"], "masked_text": "You guys, ____ me. Everyone else, stay here.", "target_word": "follow"}}
Whoa. Dory. Honey, you're not leaving us again.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leaveed", "leaveing", "leave"], "masked_text": "Whoa. Dory. Honey, you're not ____ us again.", "target_word": "leaving"}}
Your mother's right. You have to stay with us.
- Tất cả những thứ này là sao? - Cảnh sát đã đoán sai.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stays", "stayed", "staying"], "masked_text": "Your mother's right. You have to ____ with us.", "target_word": "stay"}}
Dory, what happens if... You know, if you're gone for too long.
Họ đang tìm 1 sản phẩm.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 3, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["happened", "happening", "happen"], "masked_text": "Dory, what ____ if... You know, if you're gone for too long.", "target_word": "happens"}}
And what if you get confused and that makes you distracted. And what if...
Joker đã thay đổi hàng trăm hóa chất từ nguồn của nó.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["makeing", "makeed", "make"], "masked_text": "And what if you get confused and that ____ you distracted. And what if...", "target_word": "makes"}}
I lose you again?
Và toàn bộ các chuyến hàng đều đã bị nhiễm độc.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["loseed", "loseing", "loses"], "masked_text": "I ____ you again?", "target_word": "lose"}}
Yes.
Và tất cả chúng ta sẽ chết.
Mom, Dad, it's gonna be okay because...
Không.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "Mom, Dad, it's ____na be okay because...", "target_word": "gon"}}
I know that even if I forget I can find you again.
Chất độc chỉ hoạt động khi các thành phần được trộn lẫn. Chỉ mình keo vuốt tóc thì không làm được.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "I ____ that even if I forget I can find you again.", "target_word": "know"}}
Ooh. Okay a little left. Ooh. Back the other way a bit.
Nhưng nếu nó phối hợp với son môi và nước hoa thì sẽ gây chết người, và không thể điều tra được. Sao anh khám phá ra được chuyện này?
[METADATA]
Ooh. Okay, that's it. Go! Don't do it.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Ooh. Okay, that____ it. Go! Don't do it.", "target_word": "'s"}}
- Bailey! - Okay, now! Now! Do it! Do it!
[METADATA]
- Time for your idea. - Okay. What idea?
Mang nó cho tòa báo. Tôi có thể gặp vấn đề với nó.
[METADATA]
Okay. What do I do? What would Dory do?
Nhiều người nghĩ anh cũng nguy hiểm như là Joker.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["dos", "doing", "doed"], "masked_text": "Okay. What ____ I do? What would Dory do?", "target_word": "do"}}
Come on, cars, cars. I see cars. Otters in front of cars.
Hắn là thằng điên.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "____ on, cars, cars. I see cars. Otters in front of cars.", "target_word": "Come"}}
Cars have to stop. Stop traffic! Cuddle party!
Có người cũng nói anh như thế. Ai nói thế?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stoping", "stoped", "stops"], "masked_text": "Cars have to ____. Stop traffic! Cuddle party!", "target_word": "stop"}}
Look out!
Hãy đối mặt với nó.
They're so cute!
Anh cũng không hoàn toàn bình thường... phải không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "They____ so cute!", "target_word": "'re"}}
Look at them! There must be one, two…
Đây không phải là 1 thế giới hoàn toàn bình thường.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "____ at them! There must be one, two…", "target_word": "Look"}}
- What's going on, Dad? - I don't know how.
Sao anh đưa tôi đến đây? Anh có thể tự gửi thứ đó tới tòa soạn báo.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "- What's ____ on, Dad? - I don't know how.", "target_word": "going"}}
I don't know in what way, but I think this has something to do with...
Đúng thế.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "I don't ____ in what way, but I think this has something to do with...", "target_word": "know"}}
- Dory! - Water. Water. I need water.
Có 1 điều nữa tôi muốn ở cô. Cái gì?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["needs", "needing", "needed"], "masked_text": "- Dory! - Water. Water. I ____ water.", "target_word": "need"}}
Are you crazy? How'd you get here?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "____ you crazy? How'd you get here?", "target_word": "Are"}}
- Dory! - Oh!
[METADATA]
- I thought we'd never see you again. - Aw, me too.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 6, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "- I ____ we'd never see you again. - Aw, me too.", "target_word": "thought"}}
But, darn it, no matter how hard I tried I just couldn't forget you.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 7, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["darned", "darning", "darns"], "masked_text": "But, ____ it, no matter how hard I tried I just couldn't forget you.", "target_word": "darn"}}
I guess I missed the rest of my family too much, huh?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["guessed", "guessing", "guesss"], "masked_text": "I ____ I missed the rest of my family too much, huh?", "target_word": "guess"}}
- We're family? - Mm-hmm.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- We____ family? - Mm-hmm.", "target_word": "'re"}}
Do you know what that feels like?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Do you ____ what that feels like?", "target_word": "know"}}
Yes, I know what that feels like.
Anh ta lấy mất cuộn phim rồi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Yes, I ____ what that feels like.", "target_word": "know"}}
Aw!
Hey! Hey, come on. Out of the truck. Those aren't your fish. Shoo!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "Hey! Hey, ____ on. Out of the truck. Those aren't your fish. Shoo!", "target_word": "come"}}
- Oh no. There goes our ride. - Back in the water. Come on.
Cô đã ở đâu đấy? Cô không sao chứ? Có cần tôi đến đó không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "- Oh no. There ____ our ride. - Back in the water. Come on.", "target_word": "goes"}}
Dory, the traffic is starting to move.
Không đâu,
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["start", "started", "starts"], "masked_text": "Dory, the traffic is ____ to move.", "target_word": "starting"}}
Leave it to me. I got this. Ooo-roo. Ooo-roo.
Nếu tôi mang cái này cho anh, chúng ta có thể cho nó xuất bản vào buổi chiều được không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leaveed", "leaveing", "leaves"], "masked_text": "____ it to me. I got this. Ooo-roo. Ooo-roo.", "target_word": "Leave"}}
Becky! Becky, come back. We need your help! Becky!
May ra thì kịp. Tin nóng à?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "Becky! Becky, ____ back. We need your help! Becky!", "target_word": "come"}}
Dory, follow me.
Ừ, nóng bỏng tay luôn.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["following", "followed", "follows"], "masked_text": "Dory, ____ me.", "target_word": "follow"}}
No, no, wait. We don't have Dory! No, no, Becky wait! Stop it.
Copy!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "No, no, ____. We don't have Dory! No, no, Becky wait! Stop it.", "target_word": "wait"}}
We need to go back. Becky, back! Back, Becky! Loo-loo. Ooo-roo-roo.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["needs", "needing", "needed"], "masked_text": "We ____ to go back. Becky, back! Back, Becky! Loo-loo. Ooo-roo-roo.", "target_word": "need"}}
- Please don't eat us! - Where's Dory?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["eats", "eated", "eating"], "masked_text": "- Please don't ____ us! - Where's Dory?", "target_word": "eat"}}
- Who are you? - Jenny?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "- Who ____ you? - Jenny?", "target_word": "are"}}
- Marlin? - Charlie?
[METADATA]
- Nemo? Thank you so much. - Thank you for taking care of Dory.
Hãy tránh những sản phẩm kết hợp sau:
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thanked", "thanks", "thanking"], "masked_text": "- Nemo? ____ you so much. - Thank you for taking care of Dory.", "target_word": "Thank"}}
Dory! She's still in the truck.
Lăn khử mùi với phấn trẻ em, keo xịt tóc và nước hoa.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Dory! She____ still in the truck.", "target_word": "'s"}}
Becky! Fetch Dory! Ooo-roo. Dor-roo.
Các sản phẩm an toàn đang được vận chuyển tới Gotham nhanh nhất có thể.
[METADATA]
Okay, kid. I guess this is goodbye.
Và toàn bộ Gotham đang tự hỏi Người dơi là ai.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["guessed", "guessing", "guesss"], "masked_text": "Okay, kid. I ____ this is goodbye.", "target_word": "guess"}}
- No! - What do you mean, "No"?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["meaned", "means", "meaning"], "masked_text": "- No! - What do you ____, \"No\"?", "target_word": "mean"}}
I mean. You're not going to the Cleveland. You are coming to the ocean with me.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["meaned", "means", "meaning"], "masked_text": "I ____. You're not going to the Cleveland. You are coming to the ocean with me.", "target_word": "mean"}}
What is it with you and ruining my plans?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["ruined", "ruins", "ruin"], "masked_text": "What is it with you and ____ my plans?", "target_word": "ruining"}}
Listen to me, I have one goal in life. One! And it is to...
...và đó là Người dơi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["listening", "listened", "listens"], "masked_text": "____ to me, I have one goal in life. One! And it is to...", "target_word": "Listen"}}
No, you listen to me. What is so great about plans? I never had a plan.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["listening", "listened", "listens"], "masked_text": "No, you ____ to me. What is so great about plans? I never had a plan.", "target_word": "listen"}}
Did I plan to lose my parents? No. Did I plan to find Marlin? No.
Phải có sức mạnh để chịu đựng nỗi đau, Bob.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["planed", "plans", "planing"], "masked_text": "Did I ____ to lose my parents? No. Did I plan to find Marlin? No.", "target_word": "plan"}}
Did you and I plan to meet? Wait. Did we?
Chúng ta có 1 con chuột bay cần phải giết...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["planed", "plans", "planing"], "masked_text": "Did you and I ____ to meet? Wait. Did we?", "target_word": "plan"}}
- Are you almost done? - Well, I don't think we did.
...và ta muốn móng vuốt của mình sạch sẽ.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "- Are you almost done? - Well, I don't ____ we did.", "target_word": "think"}}
And that's because the best things happen by chance. Because that's life.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["happened", "happening", "happens"], "masked_text": "And that's because the best things ____ by chance. Because that's life.", "target_word": "happen"}}
That's you being with me out in the ocean not safe in some glass box.
Cậu chủ, cô Vale lại gọi lần nữa
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "That____ you being with me out in the ocean not safe in some glass box.", "target_word": "'s"}}
- Can I say something? - I'm not done!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "caning"], "masked_text": "- ____ I say something? - I'm not done!", "target_word": "Can"}}
A friend of mine... her name's Sigourney... once told me that...
Bác đề nghị cháu nên có 1 hành động ngay bây giờ...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["tells", "telling", "telled"], "masked_text": "A friend of mine... her name's Sigourney... once ____ me that...", "target_word": "told"}}
All it takes is three simple steps:
..để giải quyết mối nghi ngờ của cô ấy?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["takeing", "takeed", "take"], "masked_text": "All it ____ is three simple steps:", "target_word": "takes"}}
Rescue, rehabilitation, and one other thing...
Cô ấy khá là kiên trì đấy.
[METADATA]
Release!
Bác nói đúng.
That's right! So what do you say?
và cũng khá là đặc biệt. Có lẽ cháu nên thử nói cho cô ấy sự thật.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "That____ right! So what do you say?", "target_word": "'s"}}
Release! Release! Release!
[METADATA]
I was gonna say, "Okay."
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "I was ____na say, \"Okay.\"", "target_word": "gon"}}
Not good.
Đang ra đây.
- Oh no! They're going away! - Oh no! Dory! What do we do?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "- Oh no! They're ____ away! - Oh no! Dory! What do we do?", "target_word": "going"}}
Quick! Guys, grab my fin!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["grabing", "grabed", "grabs"], "masked_text": "Quick! Guys, ____ my fin!", "target_word": "grab"}}
Ooh! He's trying to get the door open. Ooh. It's locked from the outside.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["trys", "try", "tryed"], "masked_text": "Ooh! He's ____ to get the door open. Ooh. It's locked from the outside.", "target_word": "trying"}}
Come on, Dory. You can do it.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "____ on, Dory. You can do it.", "target_word": "Come"}}
Destiny! Destiny! Wall! Wall! Wall!
Anh có thể vào được không?
[METADATA]
- Dory, no! Wait! - Dory!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "- Dory, no! ____! - Dory!", "target_word": "Wait"}}
- Bailey, where are they headed? - Ooh. I'm losing them.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["heads", "heading", "head"], "masked_text": "- Bailey, where are they ____? - Ooh. I'm losing them.", "target_word": "headed"}}
Dory, it's over.
Căn hộ đẹp đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Dory, it____ over.", "target_word": "'s"}}
- No, there's got to be a way. - Yeah. There's a way!
Rất rộng rãi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "- No, there's ____ to be a way. - Yeah. There's a way!", "target_word": "got"}}
Dory, now listen to me. There's no way to get out.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["listening", "listened", "listens"], "masked_text": "Dory, now ____ to me. There's no way to get out.", "target_word": "listen"}}
But... there's got to be a way. There's always a way.
Nghe này, anh đến để...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "But... there's ____ to be a way. There's always a way.", "target_word": "got"}}
There isn't, Dory. I'm telling you. This time there is no other way.
...làm rõ... - Tôi không biết anh nghĩ mình là ai!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["tells", "telled", "tell"], "masked_text": "There isn't, Dory. I'm ____ you. This time there is no other way.", "target_word": "telling"}}
Well, what about that?
- Anh làm tổn thương tôi. - Anh biết.
[METADATA]
Holy carp. There is another way.
Tôi đã gọi anh nhiều lần. Và anh nói dối! Anh nói dối về việc rời thành phố.
[METADATA]
Take a deep breath, kid.
- Để anh nói cho em biết tại sao. - Để tôi nói cho anh nghe!
[METADATA]
Release! Release! Release!
Tôi nghĩ chúng ta đều cảm thấy gì dó, và tôi đã tin anh.
[METADATA]
Release! Release! Release! Release!
Tôi thậm chí còn ngủ với anh nữa. Rồi anh không trả lời điện thoại của tôi. Anh là 1 thằng khốn.
[METADATA]
- What is that? - I don’t care what it is! Get it off!
Em là 1 cô gái rất tốt và anh rất thích em, nhưng bây giờ, im lặng.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["careing", "cares", "careed"], "masked_text": "- What is that? - I don’t ____ what it is! Get it off!", "target_word": "care"}}
What the...
Suck it, bipeds.
Anh có điều này phải nói với em.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["sucking", "sucks", "sucked"], "masked_text": "____ it, bipeds.", "target_word": "Suck"}}
All right, Hank, you've got seven arms... I don't know. Just try something.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["gets", "geting", "get"], "masked_text": "All right, Hank, you've ____ seven arms... I don't know. Just try something.", "target_word": "got"}}
Okay. Here we go.
[METADATA]
- Huh? Hey! Stop. Stop. Wait! No! - Hey! Hey! Stop. Wait. Oh no!
Em biết con người có... các khía cạnh khác của tính cách chứ?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stoping", "stoped", "stops"], "masked_text": "- Huh? Hey! ____. Stop. Wait! No! - Hey! Hey! Stop. Wait. Oh no!", "target_word": "Stop"}}
- That's doing something. - And we are moving. Good job, Hank.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["moveing", "move", "moves"], "masked_text": "- That's doing something. - And we are ____. Good job, Hank.", "target_word": "moving"}}
- Wait, wait, wait! Come on! Whoa! - Hey! What? Hey! Stop! Wait. Wait.
Đôi khi...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "- ____, wait, wait! Come on! Whoa! - Hey! What? Hey! Stop! Wait. Wait.", "target_word": "Wait"}}
Listen, I'm not trying to tell you how to drive. Certainly I can't do...
...1 người có thể có những cuộc sống khác nhau.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["listening", "listened", "listens"], "masked_text": "____, I'm not trying to tell you how to drive. Certainly I can't do...", "target_word": "Listen"}}
I'm not in any position... But could you go faster?
Ôi Chúa ơi. Anh kết hôn rồi à.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "I____ not in any position... But could you go faster?", "target_word": "'m"}}
No! No, no! No, no, no!
Không, anh chưa kết hôn.
[METADATA]
- Whoo! - Hey! Give us our truck back!
I can't see squat. Which way are we going?
Em sẽ thấy...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "I can't see squat. Which way are we ____?", "target_word": "going"}}
Okay. Well, all the cars are going left so go left.
...cuộc sống của anh thực sự...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leaveed", "leaveing", "leave"], "masked_text": "Okay. Well, all the cars are going ____ so go left.", "target_word": "left"}}
Gilman street. Ashby Avenue. Powell.
[METADATA]
Gilman street again. Huh. Gilman street again.
...phức tạp.
[METADATA]
How much longer are we gonna veer left?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 3, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "How much longer are we ____na veer left?", "target_word": "gon"}}
Okay, we just need to know how we got on,
Được rồi, nghe này. Em biết đấy, 1 người bình thường thức dậy...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["needs", "needing", "needed"], "masked_text": "Okay, we just ____ to know how we got on,", "target_word": "need"}}
then we'll know how to get off.
... đi xuống nhà...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "then we'll ____ how to get off.", "target_word": "know"}}
Well, let me know when you figure it out.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leted", "lets", "leting"], "masked_text": "Well, ____ me know when you figure it out.", "target_word": "let"}}
Unfortunately I can't remember how we got on.
...ăn sáng...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["remembers", "remembering", "remembered"], "masked_text": "Unfortunately I can't ____ how we got on.", "target_word": "remember"}}
Hey, I know those guys! That's where we came from. Turn right.
...và hôn tạm biệt ai đó, và đi...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "Hey, I ____ those guys! That's where we came from. Turn right.", "target_word": "know"}}
Here we go!
...đi làm, và, em biết không... Không.
[METADATA]
- Hey! Hey, hey, hey! Wait! - Oh my... whoa. Hey!
Được rồi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "- Hey! Hey, hey, hey! ____! - Oh my... whoa. Hey!", "target_word": "Wait"}}
We are so fired.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["fireed", "fire", "fireing"], "masked_text": "We are so ____.", "target_word": "fired"}}
Keep straight. Straight. Left. Left. No, no, no. Right. Right. Right.
Điều anh muốn nói với em là...
[METADATA]
- Good driving, Hank. - Pay attention to the road.
Mọi chuyện sẽ ổn thôi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["pays", "paying", "payed"], "masked_text": "- Good driving, Hank. - ____ attention to the road.", "target_word": "Pay"}}
Oh, I'm sorry. Oh. Uh-oh. Fork in the road.
Anh có thể nói với em.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["forking", "forked", "forks"], "masked_text": "Oh, I'm sorry. Oh. Uh-oh. ____ in the road.", "target_word": "Fork"}}
- Which way? - Ocean. Ocean. Hey, a boat!
[METADATA]
You know, I haven't had great experiences with boats, but I...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "You ____, I haven't had great experiences with boats, but I...", "target_word": "know"}}
- Which way? - Boats go to the ocean. Right!
Điều anh muốn nói với em là...
[METADATA]
Hold on!
Em sẽ quay lại ngay.
We're out of time, kid. Where do we go now?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "We____ out of time, kid. Where do we go now?", "target_word": "'re"}}
Okay, I'll figure it out. I don't know, but...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["figures", "figureing", "figureed"], "masked_text": "Okay, I'll ____ it out. I don't know, but...", "target_word": "figure"}}
Well, something will come and...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "Well, something will ____ and...", "target_word": "come"}}
Seagulls. Hank, follow those birds! The ocean's left, Hank.
Nhớ tôi không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["following", "followed", "follows"], "masked_text": "Seagulls. Hank, ____ those birds! The ocean's left, Hank.", "target_word": "follow"}}
Mine, mine, mine, mine.
[METADATA]
Ooh. Hold on. Ooh. I'm getting something.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["holding", "holded", "holds"], "masked_text": "Ooh. ____ on. Ooh. I'm getting something.", "target_word": "Hold"}}
Is it them? Is everything perfect?
Chỗ đẹp đấy. Rất rộng rãi.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "____ it them? Is everything perfect?", "target_word": "Is"}}
Uh-oh, it's the fuzz. Busted.
Vicki, chúng ta thật sự cần nói chuyện.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["busting", "bust", "busts"], "masked_text": "Uh-oh, it's the fuzz. ____.", "target_word": "Busted"}}
Okay, we're good. The ocean! It's straight ahead. Floor it!
Lúc đó chúng ta đang dùng bữa tối.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "Okay, we____ good. The ocean! It's straight ahead. Floor it!", "target_word": "'re"}}
Now we're talking.
Tôi là 1 người đàn ông biết cách nói chuyện với phụ nữ đẹp.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["talk", "talks", "talked"], "masked_text": "Now we're ____.", "target_word": "talking"}}
- Oh. Uh-oh! - What do you mean, "Uh-oh"?
Thế mà thậm chí không 1 lời xin lỗi...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["meaned", "means", "meaning"], "masked_text": "- Oh. Uh-oh! - What do you ____, \"Uh-oh\"?", "target_word": "mean"}}
Oh no. What would I do? What would I do? What would I do?
...cô chạy đi với thằng diễn viên xiếc đó.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["woulded", "woulding", "woulds"], "masked_text": "Oh no. What ____ I do? What would I do? What would I do?", "target_word": "would"}}
Hank, I'm gonna ask you to do something crazy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "going"], "masked_text": "Hank, I'm ____na ask you to do something crazy.", "target_word": "gon"}}
I'm okay with crazy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "I____ okay with crazy.", "target_word": "'m"}}
All right, Hank.
[METADATA]
Ooh. There's no way out. It's over. They're going to fish jail! Ooh!
Cô biết không...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "Ooh. There's no way out. It's over. They're ____ to fish jail! Ooh!", "target_word": "going"}}
Wait. Ooh. Oh no. Ooh. Get back! Incoming!
...tôi vừa trải qua 1 thảm kịch trong đời. Alicia... ...tự lao mình ra khỏi cửa sổ. Ôi Chúa ơi. Nhưng...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "____. Ooh. Oh no. Ooh. Get back! Incoming!", "target_word": "Wait"}}
Fish!
...có thằng khác ở đây à? Điều này làm trái tim tôi tan vỡ đấy.
What lies before you represents the third and final part of the...
Bruce... Wayne ?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lieed", "lieing", "lie"], "masked_text": "What ____ before you represents the third and final part of the...", "target_word": "lies"}}
Marine life mission.
Phần lớn thời gian.
[METADATA]
Rescue, rehabilitation, and release.
Come to papa.
Tao biết mày là ai. Để tao kể cho mày nghe về gã này, Jack.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "____ to papa.", "target_word": "Come"}}
I'm Sigourney Weaver. Thank you for joining me.
Đứa trẻ xấu tính. Đứa con hư. Làm bị thương người khác. Tao bắt đầu thích hắn rồi đấy.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thanked", "thanks", "thanking"], "masked_text": "I'm Sigourney Weaver. ____ you for joining me.", "target_word": "Thank"}}
One, two, three, four...
Mày biết vấn đề là gì không?
[METADATA]
Wait a minute. Why am I counting? Hey, where is everyone?
Hắn hơi bị sướt mướt. Mày biết đấy, điên rồ.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["waited", "waiting", "waits"], "masked_text": "____ a minute. Why am I counting? Hey, where is everyone?", "target_word": "Wait"}}
Uh-oh, did they leave me? No! No, no. They wouldn't do that.
Hắn mất trí. Đầu hắn chắc toàn thứ rác rưởi, tao nghĩ thế.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["leaveed", "leaveing", "leaves"], "masked_text": "Uh-oh, did they ____ me? No! No, no. They wouldn't do that.", "target_word": "leave"}}
Okay. That's okay. I can figure this out. What was I just doing then?
Không thể suy nghĩ cẩn thận được.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["figures", "figureing", "figureed"], "masked_text": "Okay. That's okay. I can ____ this out. What was I just doing then?", "target_word": "figure"}}
I was covering my face, so I was trying to hide.
Hắn là kẻ mà...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["covered", "covers", "cover"], "masked_text": "I was ____ my face, so I was trying to hide.", "target_word": "covering"}}
Okay, so why was I trying to hide? Wait!
...không thể nghe thấy tiếng tàu hỏa trước khi nó đến gần 2 feet.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 5, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["trys", "try", "tryed"], "masked_text": "Okay, so why was I ____ to hide? Wait!", "target_word": "trying"}}
Oh, I... five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
[METADATA]
Ready or not, here I come!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "Ready or not, here I ____!", "target_word": "come"}}
Ha, found you!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "Ha, ____ you!", "target_word": "found"}}
I see you!
[METADATA]
Haha! Gotcha!
Mày biết chuyện gì đã xảy ra với gã này không?
All right, you little shrimps, recess is over.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "All right, you little shrimps, recess ____ over.", "target_word": "is"}}
- Aw, man. - Ah, nobody found me!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["finds", "finding", "finded"], "masked_text": "- Aw, man. - Ah, nobody ____ me!", "target_word": "found"}}
Bring it in. Bring it in. Time for another...
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["brings", "bringing", "bringed"], "masked_text": "____ it in. Bring it in. Time for another...", "target_word": "Bring"}}
Don't touch me. Time for another lesson.
Hắn phạm sai lầm.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["touched", "touching", "touchs"], "masked_text": "Don't ____ me. Time for another lesson.", "target_word": "touch"}}
When is Mr. Ray coming back from his migration?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "come"], "masked_text": "When is Mr. Ray ____ back from his migration?", "target_word": "coming"}}
If he's smart he'll stay away from here as long as he can.
Rồi 1 kết thúc đen tối! Giờ bọn mày muốn điên chứ gì?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["stays", "stayed", "staying"], "masked_text": "If he's smart he'll ____ away from here as long as he can.", "target_word": "stay"}}
But until he does, I'm your substitute teacher.
Nào! Cùng điên nào!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 2, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "But until he does, I____ your substitute teacher.", "target_word": "'m"}}
Okay kids, who wants to learn about echolocation?
Hãy cho tao biết.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["want", "wanting", "wanted"], "masked_text": "Okay kids, who ____ to learn about echolocation?", "target_word": "wants"}}
- Boo. - Nobody.
[METADATA]
Oh, come on, guys. It's actually really cool.
Mày đã bao giờ khiêu vũ với quỷ dưới ánh trăng chưa?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "Oh, ____ on, guys. It's actually really cool.", "target_word": "come"}}
Okay, kelpcake. Have fun.
[METADATA]
Nice day for a swim, huh?
cái gì?
[METADATA]
All right. Bye, Mom. Bye, Dad.
Tao luôn hỏi những con mồi của tao điều đó.
[METADATA]
Well, I guess we'll go back home and brush up on the anemone.
Chỉ là tao thích nghe câu đó.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["guessed", "guessing", "guesss"], "masked_text": "Well, I ____ we'll go back home and brush up on the anemone.", "target_word": "guess"}}
You coming, Dory?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "come"], "masked_text": "You ____, Dory?", "target_word": "coming"}}
Me? Oh I'm just going to the dropoff.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "Me? Oh I'm just ____ to the dropoff.", "target_word": "going"}}
Oh, okay. What? The dropoff?
Đừng bao giờ động vào đồ của người khác.
[METADATA]
No! That's... that's a good idea?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "No! That____... that's a good idea?", "target_word": "'s"}}
Yeah. I just thought I'd go enjoy the view. Bye bye.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["thinking", "thinks", "thinked"], "masked_text": "Yeah. I just ____ I'd go enjoy the view. Bye bye.", "target_word": "thought"}}
The view. Well, you have a good time!
Sao lần nào anh đến với em...
[METADATA]
All by yourself. Not getting lost.
...cũng có kẻ khác ngáng đường nhỉ? Ta cần ở 1 mình 1 lát.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["lose", "loseed", "loseing"], "masked_text": "All by yourself. Not getting ____.", "target_word": "lost"}}
Oh!
Anh chỉ cười ngoài mặt thôi. Nụ cười của anh là hời hợt.
Huh?
Nếu em có thể thấy nội tâm anh... ...thực sự đang khóc thầm.
Oh, no, no, no. No, no. No, no, Dory. Dory. Dory! D...
Em có thể cùng đến khóc với anh.
[METADATA]
- Hey, Marlin. - Oh, hey. Hello, Dory.
You all right? You look worried.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "You all right? You ____ worried.", "target_word": "look"}}
No, no, no. I'm fine. It's how I always look.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "No, no, no. I'm fine. It's how I always ____.", "target_word": "look"}}
What?
Well, I just...
[METADATA]
You did it.
- Yay! - You did it, kelpcake.
[METADATA]
- Yes! - Did what?
Sweetie, you just followed the shells all the way back home.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 10, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["follow", "following", "follows"], "masked_text": "Sweetie, you just ____ the shells all the way back home.", "target_word": "followed"}}
Oh, my gosh! I did? All by myself?
Cô không tin được chuyện này đâu.
[METADATA]
- Yeah. - Do you know what this means, honey?
Trong khi cô đang được giải trí, tôi đã tìm thông tin về góc phố đó cho cô.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["knowed", "knows", "knowing"], "masked_text": "- Yeah. - Do you ____ what this means, honey?", "target_word": "know"}}
It means you can do whatever you put your mind to, Dory.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["mean", "meaned", "meaning"], "masked_text": "It ____ you can do whatever you put your mind to, Dory.", "target_word": "means"}}
Really?
Tôi nghĩ anh bạn Wayne của cô có vấn đề đấy.
Mommy, can I go play with them?
Lại thêm tin nóng à.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["played", "playing", "plays"], "masked_text": "Mommy, can I go ____ with them?", "target_word": "play"}}
- Yes. - Absolutely! Go get them, kelpcake.
[METADATA]
Yeah. I did it.
Ôi chúa ơi! Cha mẹ anh ta bị giết trong hẻm đó. Đó là lý do tại sao anh ta đến đó.
[METADATA]
- Hmm. - Hmm.
It really is quite a view.
Anh ta nhìn mọi chuyện xảy ra ngay trước mặt. Nhìn khuôn mặt đó kìa. Giống như lúc ở Tòa Thị Chính.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "It really ____ quite a view.", "target_word": "is"}}
Yep.
Chuyện này ảnh hưởng thế nào đến 1 đứa trẻ?
Unforgettable.
Đừng để chuyện cá nhân xen vào!
THE END
Subtitle edited by - Aorion -
Bác có tài liệu về bố mẹ cháu không? Nó ở trên bàn cậu ấy. Bác nghĩ gì vậy?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["editing", "edit", "edits"], "masked_text": "Subtitle ____ by - Aorion -", "target_word": "edited"}}
Off, off, off, off, off, off, off, off, off, off!
[METADATA]
Come on. Roll, roll. That's it. Hurry! That's it. Just roll!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["comes", "comeed", "comeing"], "masked_text": "____ on. Roll, roll. That's it. Hurry! That's it. Just roll!", "target_word": "Come"}}
I'm right behind you.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 9, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["be", "bes", "beed"], "masked_text": "I____ right behind you.", "target_word": "'m"}}
You can do it! Just a little farther. That's it!
Trên này này, Người chim bé nhỏ!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 8, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["caned", "cans", "caning"], "masked_text": "You ____ do it! Just a little farther. That's it!", "target_word": "can"}}
I am truly going to vomit!
Nhớ tao không?
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["goed", "gos", "go"], "masked_text": "I am truly ____ to vomit!", "target_word": "going"}}
- Voilà! - All right, gang, good work.
Nhìn tao này!
[METADATA]
Look, Flo, we made it!
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 4, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["looking", "looks", "looked"], "masked_text": "____, Flo, we made it!", "target_word": "Look"}}
We won't have any more problems from here on out.
[METADATA]{"tag_id": 0, "cloze": {"cloze_type": "grammar_verb", "distractors": ["willing", "wills", "willed"], "masked_text": "We ____n't have any more problems from here on out.", "target_word": "wo"}}
No respect for ocean life.
[METADATA]
Now what?